Q	what is the difference between paranoia and guilt
Q	how do i find a newspaper article from 2001
A	becuse skunk is like a fart it takes a wile to accelarate to its full stinky power
Q	what are surprise mashed potatoes
A	go to google images enter the name find a picture you like draw from it
Q	whats the difference between a goal and an objective
Q	how may i sell a manual transmission car without letting the client try it our
Q	how can i reduce the amount of bulk messagae i get
Q	how can i know when a friend is on and where they are at in yahoo messenger
Q	what does methadone do
Q	why political parties were opting reservation system in india
Q	what does cessna mean
Q	what is a url image
Q	how does one meditate
Q	how can i know whats my gift
Q	what is molecular nanotechnologyhow it worksand its application
Q	how to find break in invisible fence
A	mashed  definitely mashed but ill make them how ever you like them
Q	whats your favorite tv show  why
Q	someone has changed my hotmail passwprdi do not remember any detailshow do i retrieve the password
Q	what does the term spiked drink mean
Q	how is diabetes related to swelling of the lower leg
Q	how do i girl masterbate corectly
Q	how do i find police warrents in tenn
Q	how can i add allowable pop up sites
Q	why are some people just so rude
Q	what is a scribble
Q	why sometimes you look at an object quickly you see an double image
Q	how can i recover and copy the news article yesterday about the french are the rudest nation of all
Q	why is kangaroo called so
Q	what are cd4t cells
Q	what was the most memorable event which occurred within your lifetime and why
Q	how do i send emails to undisclosed recipients like some of my friends do
A	there are two typical means the first and oldest is poured on site over a rebar type super structure the second is made from precast sections that are delivered  and installed at the job site
Q	how do i get online movies on dvd
Q	how to fly
Q	what is a beta
Q	why is my labrador panting and not intereted in food
Q	what is a lobby
Q	how do i wash a tshirt that is autographed
Q	why doesnt the water fall off  earth if its round
Q	why do jehovahs witnesses have no windows on any of their church buildings
Q	why is the sky blue
Q	why do some dogs bark and others dont
Q	why do people always ask for simple questions to be more complex and direct
Q	why does my foot fall alseep while running
Q	what are the education requirements for oncologists
Q	why is the golden ratio so fascinating
A	i shake my head violently until it flies out it does work but boy does it make you dizzy avoid doing it while standing up
Q	how to shrink a leather belt
Q	why do they have points and levels in this answer forum
A	if by what is a 6 cylinder car engine you mean what is a chevy 6 i have always thought the 250 straight 6 that chevy had in their 70s cars was one of the best ever  for the 1953 see source below
Q	what does the seal of the prophets mean
Q	what do you do when you cant sleep
A	doggies feces will show some worm stubs in it  take dog to vet along with feces  have vet check them out to be sure  vet can give you prescription medicine for doggie if thats the problem
Q	why do girls go out barefoot alot
Q	how do i work out percentages of fractions and decimals
Q	how to say in spanish  do not touch
Q	how  do you get rid of cold sores
Q	how to use a brinkmann smoker
A	you dont  sometimes we have to have the courage to do the right thing even if it will inevitably hurt someone
Q	how to install windows xp
A	never go on it again they basically shut it down after awhile
A	that depend on what it says when your trying to get into music if you have a popup blocker you have to turn that off first or at least temporarily turn it off
Q	how do u get rid of a program that u have downloaded but its not on the addremove program
A	was it a letter d or was it an f if it was a b then you better pack you stuff and leg it
Q	why does it seem that chatting isnt as popular anymore
Q	how does criss angel do his magic
A	i would suggest to not take drugs or alcohol before the test well i would also say not do them ever but mostly not 24 hours before your test
Q	what is sudoku chain logic
Q	how do i allow my older laptop compaq armada m700 to go wireless
Q	what is design sin
Q	what is lean logistics
Q	why fibre bundles are used
A	its a mix of redneck and white trash id tell ya the percentage if i knew but being of the redneck dialect percentage is to big of a word for me
Q	what is a proxy ip address
Q	what is the difference between a dwarf and a midget
Q	why is the american political system tacitly corrupt
Q	how am i supposed to dal with being belimic
Q	what is plagiarism
Q	how did george washington invent peanuts
Q	in madden 06 how do i put a hb at lb
Q	how can i delete the websites i went to today forever
Q	suddenly font on my mail page is huge how do i change it back to where it was cant tell read from unread ms
Q	why does the human body need to maintain a temperture of 98 degrees
A	i think the online business if it is offline based on your fields and your interest
Q	how do i find out about an inmate in jail
A	rumi is ok i talked to her yesterday she says hi
Q	how do you download songs on to a mp3
Q	how did john mccain get the scar on his face
Q	what is innate immunity
Q	why cant i play a hd trailer on my computer
Q	how can i make myself remember thing
Q	when i blow my nose there is small amounts of blood why
Q	why did they quit making amcs
A	you need to know the pop3 address of your other mail provider or that mail provider should provide you mail forwarding facility without that its not possible dude
Q	why exactly is semen white
A	a tool called a paint scraper and a hammer or mallot what a funny question
Q	how can i safely drop an egg without it using and without using any plastic
Q	i have a brim fish what do i feed it
A	because they are not witty enough to come up with any other sort of answer and they have really bad senses of humor and think that saying two points is funny
A	i think its based on libido and lifestyle    it can be very important to some and not to others
Q	what are oxidation numbers and how do you figure out what they are
Q	how do u get  the vagina  to be tight
Q	how do i cancel text messages im recieving
Q	what is the loudest sound on earth and how can i make it
Q	why is history important
Q	what is integrated marketingcommunications
Q	what are the differences between anglican episcopalian and church of england
Q	how do you make a scar more noticeable
A	because thier motive for setting the fires has not been determined  if their motivation was related to a set of beliefs than their actions should be labeled as terrorist
A	its a high frequency low wavelength lightcan you see uv no right so it appears black also its monochomatic that you dont see the tinge of other light or colour
Q	how do i make soft cookies
Q	why cant we prepare gasoline  in a laboratory ie artificially
Q	what is the slit under a ball pythons head
A	there is a product not cheap but it works  proactive spend the  im sure it will work for you  too
Q	how can i remove facial corn
A	go to the little history icon at the top on the toolbar part you should get a little box on the side of the page just delete everything from there
Q	why when a small electronic device runs out of batteries when you take out the batteries and put them back
Q	why do i keep getting so many emails from people in african countries wanting to give me money
A	go to messenger  preferences general  and put a tick in the box that says sign me in automatically when i click  a link in messenger
Q	what is a career
Q	why did kamikaze pilots  in world war ii wear helmets
Q	how can i freeze my computer screen so i can read the message
Q	how do i teach in public school as a paraprofessional
Q	if you are giving someone a tie as a gift how do you wrap it or do you just put it in a gift bag
Q	what is the appropriate dress attire for a nursing interview
Q	there seems to be a hidden popup blocker somewhere in my system how do i find it and turn it off
Q	how do i chanfe my password on yahoo
Q	how to file for green card through your american spouse
Q	how to clean spilled gas from car
A	dip one boob in cold water or stick it in the freezer and put a heat pad on the other
Q	what does surgical stirke mean
Q	why is there hatred instead of peace
Q	how to write a proposal on social problem
Q	how do you pronounce intels new viiv
Q	how i can get the fund for my education
Q	how do i get yahoo alerts off my mail
Q	how do you remove info off of a recordable compact disc
Q	if crack meth ect is illegal then why do the cops allow it 2 be distributed
A	lots of people call tsunamis tidal waves after seeing pictures of the recent tsunami in south asia i can see why they really do look more like a giant high tide than a giant high wave
Q	what is harikari
Q	how exactly quantum computers work
Q	whats the difference between a nerd and a geek
Q	why do i get headaches when i bite my gums
Q	how does someone contract genital warts
Q	why wont my yahoo log in save my information on this computer
Q	how secure doing business on line
Q	what does the 33 on rolling rock bottles really mean
Q	why didnt the roman demolish stonehenge
Q	rules on how to play 500 rummy what to do when you cant discard
Q	how can i remove bad breath
A	it doesnt define them at all as a matter of fact it contradicts them jews and muslims are supposed to be peaceful people 911 does that ring abell
Q	why is japan so dusty
Q	why do wwe have eyebrows
Q	theres a store being built and i wanted to know how can i apply for a job there
Q	im trying to find out how to fix a door window in a 1987firebird without buying a book
Q	what do you do when you cant sleep
Q	how do i use downloaded skins for my messenger
Q	i have been asking how to delete search history from yahoo search bar
A	i was 12 many yrs ago when i took my first flight i really enjoyed it then and still do see if you can get a window seat you will enjoy the view
Q	why do we vote on tuesdays
Q	how do i get rid of knee pain
Q	how to control incontinence
Q	what is the meaning of life
Q	how do i use my ipod as an external drive for my computer
Q	how to convert kilograms to grams
A	hello  how are you are you busy  thats how i do it
A	you can purchase iron on patches if the hole isnt too big if its big take it to an industrial seamtressthey can do wonders  good luck
Q	how can you stop peroids
A	dress smart and neat brush your teeth and shower dont be late for the interview and be sincere
Q	how do you get rid of cellulite
Q	how can you tell if your jaw is out of line
Q	how can i stop myself snoring
Q	why do dogs sniff everything
A	go to tools along top left of screen click on internet options click on clear history simple as that
Q	how do i find out if someone drowned in my apartment pool
Q	how do i clean my cloudy fishtank
Q	in madden 06 how do i put a hb at lb
Q	what is the difference between an appointment and a todo in an organizer or pda
A	we are here on earth to love and glorify god  where we go next depends on whether we belong to god or not
Q	hi what is the procedure i have to follow to renamedelete a folder in my mail account
Q	how to control premature ejaculation
Q	how do i connect a laptop to a laptop so that two ppl can play multiplayer games
Q	what is ground hog day
A	laub in german means foliage like leaves and bushes so the would mean foliagey i suppose leafy
Q	how to write a mission statement for a business
Q	how do you fight laziness
Q	what does a dime a dozen mean
Q	how do i add the yahoo icon to task bar
Q	why can anybody never served  in the us armed forces become commander in chief
A	depends on the state my state at least a ba or bs yet school systems could waive this but with the new nclb its now harder to do this
Q	why did audi name their cars after pieces of paper
Q	why exactly is semen white
Q	whats a fleet car
Q	why is the bunny important to the easter holiday
A	yes thanks a cup of tea would be very nice
A	possible someone is changing it and has gained access to your account  you might want to update your personal information and change your security question because someone is guessing it
Q	what does ear wax taste like
Q	what notebook do you recommend
Q	how i can reduce my waist
A	rofl rolling on the floor laughing lollaugh out loud lmaolaughing my ass of
Q	how do snakes have sex
Q	what is a cell
Q	why does my vagina hurt
Q	what is sex
A	nero burning rom has a feature that allows you to normalize every track on an album that you are about to burn that means every song should have the same initial volume
Q	how do u sleep when u are preg
Q	what is the messyest pet
Q	what is the meaning of the arabic name nohad
Q	how can i get dual citizen ship already have us to the eu
Q	how do i know what amount of taxes are taken out of checks
Q	i moved in a room with a window on the ceiling above the bedhow is it for my healthwealthcareer and so on
Q	what is globalisation
A	sheriff deputy works for the sheriff and is usually countywide regular policeman works in a municipality such as a city or town
A	you have to use either adwords from google or overture from yahoo and it cost from about 10p a click  can help if you need further help
Q	how does the arabisreali conflict effect the united states
Q	what is a webring
Q	im a black women and dont like hair under arms or private area but always get razor bumpshow can i prevent
A	because that is live tissue put a little bacitracin or neosporin and a band aid on it will feel better in a day or so
Q	what is the difference between affirmative action and eeoc
Q	how do i know if my ferrets deaf
Q	what is the meaning of butterfly kiss
Q	how can i enjoy sex without premature ejaculation
A	i live in a town full of overly rich people who hire personal chefs i am sure you could get hired to do both for a wealthy familyperson
Q	what is meant by the chromatic and spherical aberration of a mirror
Q	just for fun   what is the strangest email
Q	what can i do to try and find a book resource online thats a full book and does not show half of the book
Q	why does the national security angency listen to my petty phonecalls
A	go to  start settings control panel system  initial page will show what version and service pack
A	i think it is just commercial i read somewhere that he spent a lot of time carrying the painting with him and telling people around how wonderful it was  advertisement
Q	can you tell me how to not get attack by an american crocodile
Q	which web browser is the best and why
Q	what is computer
Q	how do you get a civil service job
Q	why peruvians support the candidate alan garcía
Q	why sun is shining
Q	what is builderburger
A	do things you love be your own person and dont buy into this whole have to be like other people thing  basically its down to you ask yourself what do you enjoy then go do it
Q	how did roman legionaries form a tortoise
Q	what is the difference between internet and intranet
Q	why do americans continue to accept the illegal and obviously treasonous antics of the executive branch
Q	how does da vi eba maikata prosta translate from bulgarian to english
Q	how can you tell the difference between summer and winter by the sun
Q	how to reduce absenteeism
Q	how do i restore my minimized pages
Q	how to make money on websites
Q	why are apple computers treated so badly
Q	what is ikeas ticker
Q	could you tell me how i can get a penfriend in usfor im a chinese student on english major
Q	why do men have nipples
Q	what is the correct order of contents for a report
Q	how to store champagne
Q	why do people find flatulence funny
Q	whats the quickest way to get rid of a headachestomachache
Q	why is onenight stands getting more popular
Q	how do i remove the shift knob off a 1998 nissan frontier
Q	why italian students still study latin
Q	if travel broadens the mindwhy do less then 10 of americans hold passports
Q	why did they keep president kennedys brain seperate from his body
Q	what causes that pungent funky spunk
Q	why exactly is the confederate flag know to be racial
A	pretend your gay all the fit birds like a gay boy and then let them think they are straightening you out
Q	at what age do dogs have their 1st heat
Q	how do i get the gasoline smell off my hands
Q	question about ti89 titanium graphing calculator how do you switch to the polar coordinate system
Q	how can logic help in the attainment of the truth
A	start your own enron  sell shares for 100 a piece and then quickly declare bankruptcy
Q	how should i get rid of an intractable hiccups
Q	how can i change a sauce that is to spicy to mild
Q	how can i enjoy sex without premature ejaculation
Q	how do i hook up a new phone jack
Q	as he ruduces the thrust how does the foward force now compare with the backward force
A	its what a sick and twisted person does for kicks i think it should be illegal
Q	why do emails get held for hours after they are sent before they are received
Q	what is hypericum and what are the side effects
Q	why a dialup connection user is given a dynamic ip address and not a static ip address
Q	how do i get a free used computer as a second computer
Q	how do i determine what size saddle fits me
Q	what were black codes
Q	why didnt the roman demolish stonehenge
Q	how do i create a journal to keep trake of my settings i use for each of my digital photos
A	spss is a computer program originally statistical package for the social sciences   it is among the most widely used programs for statistical analysis
Q	how do i receive video stream more smoothly
Q	how well do the dell creative mp3 players work
Q	how to be a real man to atrract woman
Q	what is market capitaliasation
A	no one ever talks about the 32000 turks that were killed at the hands of the armenians when the russians started to invade what would you call that
Q	what happens to the metabolism when there is a decrease in energy intake
Q	why are you such a bad driver
A	dont work for money  the poors work hard for their money the riches have their money work hard for them
Q	how do you know what your name means
Q	what are the media effect theorieswhen did they started and why
Q	how do you pronounce the word hew
A	they done a recent study about this please check the source site however its a good idea to double check facts because some people have lied on that site
A	historians disagree  there are several valentines that various cities like to say were the original because that is where they were from
A	15quinceanera it is just a coming of age girl has reached adulthood and sexual maturity bigger event usually than a sweet 16 the quinceanera is usually held the saturday after the birthday
Q	why is the holocaust important to america
A	most pet stores usually have this try natures miracle if it is for pet odor it works great
Q	in the book the color purple how does celies relationship with shug avery change throughout the book
Q	how can i find out what number out of 3333 was my monte carlo made
Q	how do you make a dog emoticon in yahoo messenger
Q	if the theory on creationism is true why didnt noah save the dinosaurs
Q	what is the quickest way to get rid of the  pouch around a womans waistline
A	check your wireless device and see if its experiancing any interference  most devices will tell you  you may need to change channels
Q	how to make democratic nation
Q	how yahoo is making profits
Q	why does your tounge stick to the freezer
Q	why do we get a shock when we touch metallic objects in cold countries like china in the winter
Q	what are growth objectives
A	you can select uninstall from the pencil menu in yahoo toolbar or go to addremove programs
Q	how can one be rich
A	on your 1999 ford truck ranger 4wd the pcv valve is  under hood center rear engine area mounted on  upper rear of engine block
Q	how do you write exponents in an email
Q	how do you tame a hamster
Q	what is the quickest way to get rid of the smell of weed and beer
Q	how do i turn off the check engine light in the 2001 volkswagen jetta
Q	how can i participate in the mastercard ipo
Q	how do i go about finding low income renting in calgary canada
Q	how do i clean the monitor part of my laptop safely
A	i was 15 cmon what teen boy doesnt want to lose his virginity  and dont give me this im waiting and abstinence is best crap your lying and you know it
Q	how is aids dianosed?
Q	what causes altziemers?
A	if the goberment legalize the prostitution they will reduce or increase their quarrels?        d
Q	in the yahoo search bar how do i delete past search queries?
A	you may have a rusty or loose freeze plug it costs about 30 cents to fix
Q	why only them?
Q	i tried to graph 5y  7x 5 on a web grapher and i keep getting a error message how do i fix it?
A	i know one thing for sure dont engage yourself at the emotional level handle the thing with a professional mindset
Q	why are there more male entrepreneurs than female entrepreneurs?
Q	how do i get the icons back?
Q	how did russia become a communist state?
Q	how to locate a cardiologist in glasgow scotland?
Q	what is epiphany ?
Q	what is a credit?
Q	why do only 1of the people on this sight have a sense of humor and why do you get so mad?
A	i think it puts everyone on the same footing  that way people get judged on what they say not on how they look  dont we all get enough of that in daily life?
Q	why does viagra last and hour when i only need three minutes?
Q	how big was ancient china?
Q	how to differentiate salt water pneumonitis from fresh water pneumonitis?
A	drink lots of water and green tea and go for a 30 minute walk everyday  if you really want to go crazy put on some great music and just dance yourself silly  good luck
Q	explain how to determine the equation of a line tangent to the circle which is vertical?
Q	how did humans turn white if  they burn in the sun?
Q	how is the boom  for jdedwards?how it would be in future?please tell me i will be grateful to u?
A	my dad is a farmer hesaid up the butthe also said he think 101 is normal the cows ears hang low if he has a fever andhis head hangs low if it does not feel good hope this helps
Q	anyone know how i can rid of gasoline smell in my vehicle?
A	did you just do a poopie? get the air freshener
Q	what is the climate in salt marshes?
Q	what are the steps in settling an insurance  propertypersonal injury claim?
Q	someone change dmy password and i dont know there email address how do i get it back?
Q	how to fit or install woofers with as amplifier in a car trunk to get better sound effect?
Q	how did they build the titanic?
A	its either an island in the caribbean or a triangle where cows disappear
Q	how do i tell my mother that i do not like her companion?
Q	what are some effects of?
Q	what do you do when have a jackass as a teacher?
Q	i have adhd how can i focas in school plz help?
Q	how to change avatar to picture?
Q	how does someone contract genital warts?
A	because he lost the election  which was won fairly and squarely by prodi  presumably berlusconi didnt have a daddy to buy him the election
Q	how do you change the language on your laptop?
A	sounds like you answered your own question  i would also add that schools especially do not want their students to wear some articles of clothing that umm reveal certain areas of students bodies
Q	what is the difference between a gerbil and a hamster and which one makes a better pet?
A	its only a 3 hour trip can some one your going to go live with drive you back to drive it back home after its fixed?  or what about a uhaul car dolly?
Q	what is the act of  forgiveness?
Q	why has guido been referring to me as sir?
A	i have the same problem beleive me it is quite common i switched to a metal watch
Q	i dont known how to put cottom when me and my boyfriend have sex?
Q	what is carpaccio?
Q	how to be a real man to atrract woman?
Q	what is meaning of sone pe suhaga in english quatation?
Q	how good is silent hill 4 for p2?
Q	how can magnets improve blood circulation ?
Q	why are guys always surprised by how i act?
Q	why cant i ?
Q	how do women drink from a glass without smudging their lip gloss?
Q	how to set up a wireless connection?
Q	how do you pronounce vauvenargues?
Q	what websites can i go to in order to find out how things are made?
A	this sound like you have sleep apnea probably you have to loose some weight andor you have to use a cpap respiratory machine to help you to sleep with no problems  check with your doctor
Q	how do you reproduce the nothern lights?
A	placement means finding the right candidate for a vacant position and having that candidate accept the job offer if a person is placed that open spot is now filled
Q	what is hyperglycemia and how can i tell if i have it?
Q	alcohol is a sickness why do they have it as a refreshment?
Q	how did vincent van gogh die?
Q	whats the weather for tomorrow?
A	neros probably the most versatile software for it but its really bloated you might try dvd decrypter imtoo dvd creator
Q	what fills the cavity left when oil is pumped from the ground?
A	it all depends on what kind of mp3 player you have what kind do you have?
Q	how did people come up with the name tropical rainforest?
Q	how do i get the applet to play literati on xp?
Q	why didnt jesus get married when he was on earth?
Q	what is sdk?
A	god answers prayer his way his way is not our way god knows our needs but he wants us to ask
Q	how do you deal with emotional eating?
A	i live in a town full of overly rich people who hire personal chefs i am sure you could get hired to do both for a wealthy familyperson
A	the first is what really happens  the later is what was supposed to happen
A	shhhhhh my buddies  i made millions on that one forget about it why dont you go watch american idol
Q	why do some people answer questions just to get points?
A	you dont really you just learn to love the squeak
Q	how do you get gum off of  lips?
Q	what is the temperment of a boxerdoodle?
Q	why i can not sign in two hotmail acounts at the same time?
A	avatar is the term used on the net for little pictures used to identify a user naturally these would be called avatars or in short avvies
Q	how does the rise of global terrorism affect the un ability to manage world affairs?
Q	how can i know my girl friend password?
Q	what do i need and what do i do?
Q	why does the internet explorer shut down when i try to open an attachment?
Q	what do catholics do?
Q	how is forgiveness therapeutic?
Q	what does the letters rsvp mean?
Q	honda maintenance required reset how to?
Q	what is romance mean in romance language?
Q	how to remove rubbing compound scratches from a clear coat auto finish?
A	the cost is pretty comparible if you buy a good filter oil etc  and you dont have to clean up or get rid of the oil filter
Q	why is the milk cooled before adding the 2t commercial yogurt ?
Q	how can i compress a jpg picture with winrar?
Q	does anyone know how to capture a water drop in puddle?
Q	once installed how do they increase the height of tower crane?
Q	how do you know if a chemical reaction has taken place?
Q	what is an essay?
Q	how do i download music to my cell phone?
Q	how does diabetes affect the kidneys and the eyes?
Q	what is choice of reference level in potential and potential difference?
Q	why cant we smell our own body odor?
Q	how do you lose the lower belly fat ?
Q	why do people go to the checkout with the light turned off?
Q	how do you train a dog that is completely deaf?
Q	why do you flirt?
Q	why does an orbit have 2nsquare electrons?
Q	how can i own a real casino not a online casino?
Q	what are some of the uses and abuses of sand by humans?
Q	how to start a march madness office pool?
Q	does anyone know how to get super gle off my glasses?
Q	how can i play avi files on quicktime on a mac?
Q	how can i identify  fake 100 dollar bills  ?
Q	why are goose bumps called goose bumps?
Q	why dont the cereal boxes come with sealed bags inside?
Q	what is desalination?
Q	theres a store being built and i wanted to know how can i apply for a job there?
A	get a job and work hard at it get a good education and keep a positive attitude no matter how much or little your salary is be sure to save some and tithe the first 10
A	negative factorials have not been mathematically defined factorials are only defined for positive real integers natural numbers
Q	why did i get fired?
A	go to the companys web site they may have all kinds of free downloads just did that from an add on a fretoley bag lots of cool stuff there
Q	what is acretionary prism?
Q	what does lewd act on a minor mean?
Q	what is more responsive the clitoris or the vagina?
Q	what is a magneto?
Q	how can u start selling on ebay again if ebay has banned your account ?
A	it means trembling earth in a native american language because the swampy ground trembles when stepped on in some areas because water is underneth an excellent place to visit i have been there before
Q	how reliable is the paypal?
Q	what are the rotational physics involved for a ball rolling down a halfpipe?
Q	why does anebula give off color?
Q	how do i become a licensed personal traiiner?
Q	what is boot cut?
A	turn in the work do the projects  just do your best and dedicate all the time you need to it  dont take to long or to short of a time  if you have questions just ask us here on anwsers
Q	how do i get a valentine?
Q	define real?
Q	why cant i play dvds copied on an insignia recorder?
Q	what is plagiarism?
Q	what is in milk?
Q	what is a sophist?
A	yo drink that bottle and then break it up and get that worm out of there its worked for me in the past and the only downside is that then you need to clean the mess from the broken bottle
Q	how does report abuse actually work?
Q	what is apr?
Q	why is cole porter famous?
Q	why should i buy a macintosh?
Q	how do i make friends?
Q	at what point does a fly turn over to land on a ceiling?
A	maybe there is some virus or spyware in your computer that hacks up your email account maybe you should use spyware detector and antivirus scan i hope this works
Q	how does one add an addirional name to a house deed?
Q	why arent south asians considered asians too?
Q	the answer to the question how would the results in figure 17 have been affected if the male guinea pig had w
Q	how do i become a directtv subcontractor?
Q	how do i use more than 10 of my brain?
A	the best map i could find of is below first link hope it helps  the second link is for the top page of the entire ise jingu site
Q	why do christians pray for people?
Q	some how my yahoo home page changed to a differant format i dont like it how do i get the original back?
Q	why are we here?
A	sorryi dont have much time to read your question  but i promise you that ill read it soon sorry again
Q	how can i make a border in a word document with words i choose?
Q	why do people make fun of blondes?
Q	what is the process of reversed gluconeogenesis called?
Q	why do indians smell like curry?
Q	how do i eat a burger?
Q	how would you balance h2so4?
Q	what is usa mean?
Q	how can i move to leipzig de and get a grant or job there without speaking german?
Q	why is the temperature change during latent heat transfer for any substance not recorded by a thermometer?
Q	what are cookies?
Q	how can i stop coconuts appearing on my bedroom floor in the morning?
A	there are two main strong equilibriated forces between them  first one to attach together        decond one to repel from each other
Q	what are four differences between the south and north pole?
Q	what is a varicose seal in a man?
A	life in itself is a reason is a blank check an unfinished book an open ticket to everywhere you wanna go
Q	what is the importance of communication in an organisation?
Q	how does one get over mental block?
Q	what are the effectiveness of media in schools?
A	both are very annoying and i am addicted to this site i cant even sleep any more for real
Q	yahoo mail changed appearance why?
Q	how do i change my avatar?
Q	why is allan pineda black?
Q	why cant we choose exactly what we want our avatars to look like?
A	ro·ta·vi·rus     p   pronunciation key  rtvrs n pl ro·ta·vi·rus·es  any of a group of wheelshaped rnacontained viruses that cause gastroenteritis especially in infants and newborn animals
Q	my pcs creen is shaking sometimeswhy?what is the remedy?
Q	how efi works?
Q	what is mri scan?
Q	how can i be asuccessful engineer?
Q	what does speacking in tongue mean?
Q	what is a moongalba?
Q	why do we yawn when we feel sleepy?
Q	how to write a prescription?
Q	what is paypal?
A	you can go to trade school or an associates at a local college then check out your local union ibew theyre cool guys and can help you out from there
A	slow down type out a logical question and i will try to answer it  that question makes no sense
A	plug breaths nose  lol give it a breath mint
Q	could someone pls show me how to reposition my start menu on the computer to the bottompage of the screen?
Q	how do i get a false drivers licence from canada?
Q	how is a midoceanic ridge formed?
Q	why is the contraction of will not wont and not willnt?
Q	how do i know if im getting enough chocolate in my diet?
Q	how can i convert a wav file to mp3?
Q	how do i create chapters when burning a dvd?
Q	what does cephalaspidomorphi mean?
Q	what are the points for?
Q	how can i remove excessive calcium from a fresh water fish tank without harming my fish?
Q	how do you train a dog?
Q	how shold i call to repot iligal immaragant?
Q	what is the best weather website to get weather?
Q	how near are we prophetically to the end?
Q	if my computer is into safe mode how can i remove it?
A	you may have a virus  check out trend micros housecall website  they have a free virus scan
Q	how to installconfigure mitsumi cd burner cr4804te wout corrupting the fat?
Q	how dose krispy kreme doughnuts effect in ecomimics ?
Q	what is a thai massage?
Q	how can i get rid of the ringing in my ears?
Q	how do i decide what dance company i would fit into?
Q	what is a googolplex?
A	click the pen like icon near the y logo and click clear recent searches
Q	what is the difference from a cyclonetornadoand a hurricane?
A	he didnt need saving he needed to suffer to save humanity
Q	what is a great aunt?
Q	how is the las vegas real estate market doing?
A	the pet food usually does say how much a cat should eat so give them enough food to feed all 3 other than that training a cat is like yelling at a wall pointless
Q	why are people so cruel?
Q	how do i connect to cookies?
Q	how do i get rid of my corns on my toes?
A	who knows  we should use that money ourselves
Q	how do you find the throttle body fuse for a 88 chevy blazer?
Q	so how did you become to be a car mechanic?
Q	why was the president of haiti remove from office about two yeras ago?
Q	why are some people so offencive?
A	its always been true that   the man chases the girl  until she catches him
A	diagnostic test  n  an assay conducted for diagnostic purposes
A	mine too  i think its because the sock andor pant leg rubs against it constantly when you walk not much you can do about it im afraid unless you want to go to the hair club for men
Q	what do you do when you cant sleep?
A	its not considered to be politically correctand you wouldnt want the pc police to bust you for being a racist or a bigot of any kind
Q	how do you tell apart good and bad angels?
Q	i bought a bag of pot pie squares how do i make chicken pot pie?
A	it to do with similar size landscape population features etc etc it can be very open to interpretation by each of the cities and there are some good twin town outthere with very little in common
Q	what causes the feeling of numbness in the fingersand toes?
A	a wound is an injury of some sort wounds is the plural or the act of inflicting a wound could be used to describe physical or emotional injury
Q	how to memorize subjective answers of humanities?
Q	why do we close eyes on sneezing?
Q	how to detox?
Q	what caused the civil war?
Q	how do i get rid of stretch marks?
A	go to google images enter the name find a picture you like draw from it
Q	how can i get internet explorer back i accadentally deleted it?
Q	what is a descripion of a wedge?
Q	in the share photos section how we can choose the album we want to show first?
A	salts prevent ice from meltingor the best way is put it in the freezer
Q	what are some positive facts about genetically enhanced crops?
Q	why do people like beer?
A	fishing and agriculture have been around for a long long time  i think settlers already had an inkling
A	mayday is from the french maidez which means help me it is used when calling on the radio for help such as when a vessel or aircraft is in distress
Q	why is there a special technique when swabbing the agar?
Q	i want my yahoo pages and web in dutch languagehow do i do that?
Q	how was stonehenge formed?
Q	what is the most popular powdered flavored tea that we can just add some water?
Q	what is the difference between the garritton orchestra and the eastwest  music programs  which is better?
Q	how do i cure the pain on my lower back?
A	check the url below for a class thatll let you do objects it shouldnt be too hard to extend for request parameters and session objects it also mentions a few other less desirable ways of doing it
Q	in engineeringwhat is chart datum?
Q	how can i become a modelactress?
A	citrus seed extract works wonders for getting rid of fungi and bacteria internally it tastes awful but it does help  you could also do a candida cleanse
Q	how do you preserve lemon grass stalks to use throughtout winter ?
Q	what do we do on easter?
Q	how can i delete my id from the yahoo messenger of my friend?
A	just go to the website find a grave once youre there just type in your grandmothers information that they ask for and you shall find your answer
Q	why did god make create money?
Q	how do i get up the nerve to start substitute teaching?
Q	whats the difference between discovery and invention?
Q	why is 19 the nuclear charge of potassium39?
Q	for mortgage purposes what is the difference in rural and suburban?
Q	how did easter touch your heart today?
A	you dont  go ahead and use it  just enjoy it like the rest of us do  and why is this question under the health and beauty category?
Q	why do people put gross pictures with their questions?
Q	how can i become a civilian combat photographer?
Q	how can i get more comments on my 360 blogs?
Q	what is a chinese water dragon?
A	factorising gives  x4x1  0  the solutions are therefore x  4 and 1
Q	what is microsoft office publisher 2003?
A	an isoceles triangle pointing up and another pointing down right on top of it
Q	why do pentecostals not wear makeup?
Q	how do i find out if my drivers license was suspended?
Q	why does a diesel engine need a vacuum pump for brakes?
A	do you believe jesus is a reptile?  if so thats a good reason for him not to like you
Q	what are the catholic churchs views on eloping?
Q	what is a vada?
Q	how does knowing wether a person is rightbrianed or leftbrianed allow us to understand how someone thinks?
Q	what is a moustached parakeet?
Q	why is the sky blue?
A	dont pay any attention to what they say  once they see this they will stop   tell someone who is got authority over them your problem
Q	why is shindlers list a holocaust movie in black and white?
A	level 56 and 7 there is no limit keeps people from spamming
A	frum from yiddish via german  pious  ie an orthodox or ultraorthodox jewish person
Q	how to create mario kart emblems?
A	because the romans had the alpha to omega in that order and we developed it from theres before that im not sure
Q	what does cupstealing mean?
A	the commercial sales award is a victorian award that covers wages and conditions for sales type roles for example telephone sales people in wholesales and retail trade it was updated in november 2004
Q	how do i delete from wihin the yahoo search?
A	there might be adwarespyware on your computer or the messenger program is corrupted try uninstalling the program and reinstalling itscan your computer for any possible viruses spyware
A	sign out and the sign in diaglogue box will popup you can then uncheck the automatic sign in option
Q	where did the term paint the town red come from?
Q	how can i turn m3u into mp3?
Q	what happens when you mix percodan with crystal meth?
Q	why does only waitress and bell hops recieve tips for service but not moving trucks delivers ?
Q	why is yahoo answers so adictive?
Q	how do i go about finding an apartment with bad rental history or bad landlord refferal?
Q	how do you deal with ?
Q	how much oil do i put in my lawnmower?
Q	why do i keep seeing dan brown bashing in questions that arent even about him?
A	i am a vegetarian but i am not a christian we were gatherers and we dont have canine teeth so you are wrong
Q	how to draw graffiti on palm m505?
Q	how do i apply for financial aide for school when i have lost my tax forms?
Q	how do i go about opening a second hand clothing store?
Q	what does maidez in french mean?
Q	how do i get my yahoo 360 page listed in google?
A	yes also include the version nasb niv kjv nkjv asv etc
Q	what is the safest way to milk a cow?
Q	what are the uses of computers in the areas of industrial chemistry?
Q	why do we clap hands to show we enjoyed a lecture etc?
Q	what is the purpose of numeric keypad on the keyboard?
Q	how can the government ?
Q	how do i make my wireless connection more reliable?
A	 the beauty and strength that comes from the wisdom of maturity in a word age it deffinately has the most up side of any stage in life it is something to look forward to  never fear
A	the big problem is getting enough people to do it if enough people did it then yes it would work however then people would have to find something else to complain about thats life
Q	what is s video?
Q	what is the cost effective and safest way to send tv internationally from us?
Q	computer is not responding to mouse nor keyboard what to do?
Q	how can i connect my pc monitor to the laptop how and which cable to use?
A	in my real experience the glass shattered everywhere during the explosions maybe youve seen it on films? they keep the explosions in the house
Q	how can i last longer in the bedroom?
Q	what is bienvenidos or what does it mean?
Q	how do i let the air out of someones tires without sitting there holding down the nozzledealie?
Q	whats the purpose of removing socks in yoga exercise?
Q	why do i like to swing?
Q	what  is the meaning of canberra?
Q	what does being openminded really mean?
Q	how can i record the ip from visitors how come my web page and block the same people who take my pictures?
Q	what goods does benin export and import today?
Q	why is there an increase in teenage pregnancy hivaids despite the introduction of sex education?
Q	there seems to be a hidden popup blocker somewhere in my system how do i find it and turn it off?
Q	how do i get rid of acid reflux?
Q	how do you use a mic for your ps2?
Q	how do you use myspace at school if its blocked?
Q	why does the time on my laptop keep changing?
A	add nestles quik or something like that  i like to put it in the blender with ice  makes a yummy chocolate smoothie
Q	how do i look up what someone has been doing on my internet after the cleared all the settings?
Q	why is it that some people are just complete butt holes?
A	but there are multicolored roses and that isnt a physics question
A	equity means only apportioning justice among two people who have a disagreement  equitable principles are general rules that are designed to create fair outcomes for people who are having disputes
Q	what is genetic engineering?
Q	how do i turn off the feature under the search bar that shows all the previous sites i have requested a search
Q	what happened as a result of victory in the battle of gettysburg?
Q	how do ice ages affect the climate around the world?
Q	how to delete saved searches?
A	only you can help your self but if your jsut sittin around the house you arent doin yourself anygood
Q	how is math used in everyday life?
Q	what is the difference between web application and clientserver application?
Q	what is an oc diagram?
A	watch the movie mean girls  lotsa good ideas to stryke back
Q	how to remove facial hair naturally?
A	yes that is past work experience do followup calls once you drop off your resumes also  at least call but dropping by and letting them see you want to work sure makes a good impression
Q	why are the cube and the sphere called a solid figure?
Q	why is my belly button fluff blue even when i wear a black or red jumper?
A	try having sex with someone else than yourself thats bound to make you feel good
A	try google earth  it appears to be fairly accurate if you are in the us  i have used it in my job comparing it to a different data source and have had good results  plus its just kinda fun
A	do you have ovarian cysts?  that would be pain in the lower abdomen just below your hips  perhaps its a bladder infection?  you shoud definitely consult with a doctor probably a gynecologist
Q	why ancient israelites not eating pork?
Q	what is the enlightment?
A	dehydration causes dark smelly urine drink more water if you know youre drinking a lot of water it could be an infection or something you ate
Q	how to create a webpage?
Q	how is scanners useful for students?
Q	how do firelies light up?
Q	how do i repair a clarinet?
Q	how do i buy property in scotland?
Q	why does the us treat the hispanics like s and when they go to our countries we dont treat them that way?
Q	why do they sterilize the needle for lethal injections?
Q	how to become a fat guy?
Q	how does an onoff valve work?
A	on the yahoo toolbar youll see yellow square with a blue top on it and a yellow shield on the bottom right corner click on that  youll figure out the rest  good luck
Q	why does my cat jump in my lap and lay down when i sing?
Q	alcohol is a sickness why do they have it as a refreshment?
A	rightclick the image and save it to your hard drive then go to 360 and upload it or use yahoo photos
Q	how can i delete or hide my searches that are in the search the web area?
Q	how do your solve 2x4 matrices?
Q	what is the difference between eukaryotes and prokaryotes?
Q	why do only 1of the people on this sight have a sense of humor and why do you get so mad?
Q	how do  i find a taxi company that operates nationwide?
Q	how do you reset a computer?
Q	what are the loitering laws in pennsylvania?
Q	what does coccolone mean in english?
Q	how do i recruit more people for my avon business?
Q	why did the british empire break up?
Q	how can i trigger labor contractions naturally?
Q	how do u get an instint messenger?
Q	how do we stop hurricanes?
Q	what does the negative sign on the heat lost by water indicate?
A	because the drug binds to it when the drug binds to the receptor the drug begins to work
A	hasnt been released yet  still beta testing  highly illegal to have a copy of it anyway
Q	how do get into kermits poker?
Q	how can i get rid of my horrible strech marks?
Q	how do you make a pitcher of coolaid?
A	the number of letters in scrabble are connected with the frequency of every letter in current language of the country where you play the game
Q	what are the symptons of a bad gall bladder?
Q	how do i put my picture on here i got a avater?
A	if you figure it out let me know i have been trying to figure that out all my life
Q	how do i ease my nervous ?
A	try exercising in the morning it will give you energy throughout the day and clear your body of toxins it also allows you to focus more throughout your day
Q	what is the structure of ptbr2no2nh3?
Q	why are legal immigrants lumping in with illegals to not work today?
A	you have to set up your avatar  if you have a yahoo mail account then simply log in and when it displays the home mail screen doubleclick on the square box
A	because his mother queen elizabeth is still alive and hasnt stepped down from the throne  until she either dies or steps down mommy dearest will remain queen
Q	why is it that pizza is round and put in a square baox?
Q	why does christianity teach ?
Q	how do you get popular?
Q	how do you get rid of bots in yahoo chat?
Q	how lng you go to jail for trespassing?
Q	can someone tell me how people make money selling virtual goods on virtual online worlds such as secondlife
Q	what is the meaning of life?
A	because you always have so many dang things to do
A	go to the companys web site they may have all kinds of free downloads just did that from an add on a fretoley bag lots of cool stuff there
Q	what does quorum mean?
A	you may need to download java once again same thing happened to mego to sun java
Q	integrate 1xx2112  what is the answer?
Q	what is the bulk folder for?
Q	what is anorexia?
Q	why are bees attracted to bright colored flowers instead of white flowers?
Q	how can i put avi files onto dvd?
Q	what are commercial uses of precipitation reactions?
Q	why ios the earth round?
Q	how can i save a jpeg image of any open window in my computer?
A	yahoo messenger  my fiance and i prefer msn messenger though   its much better at video simpler too
Q	why am i asked to relog in when accessing my address book to send and email?
Q	what was your first job and how did you get it?
Q	why people are making football as festivaland it is viewed by millions of people all over the worldwhy?
Q	how to start computer with symantec  microsoft services loading?
Q	how can i tell my  friend i like him alot?
A	go to your yahoo mail and click on options on your upper right corner then click on colors which is on your left side click on pink and then save and youre all set
Q	what is the best laptop toshiba or asus and why give me the negative sides of both why do you think?
Q	if the upcoming movie  the da vinci code  is so blasphemous  why do people still want to check it out  ?
Q	what is megan shulls biograpy?
Q	how do i change the belt out in a 2001 pontiac grand am gt?
Q	what do clogged pores look like?
Q	why does the moon orbit the earth?
Q	what is serigraphy?
Q	why is answers so addictive?
A	i think its based on libido and lifestyle    it can be very important to some and not to others
Q	how do i get repair estimates if my car is not driveable?
A	im not that comfortble with some rules  such as polygamy etc i believe faith is not measured in actions but how you believe in the creator
Q	how do i unplug an ear duct?
Q	credit card what happens if i spend more than my credit in a month?
A	let it pass the first time  it could be an isolated incident or a misunderstanding  but bear in mind that there are racists in every society
A	what??? hahaha do u have a chair outside ur pad if u do sit on it without ur shoes n theres ur answer or i dont know but that is a stupid quetion but its all cool
Q	why is a fly called a fly and a fish not a swim?
Q	whats the difference between an acura nsx and a honda nsx?
Q	what is the definition of congressional caucus?
Q	whats the difference between vodaka and gin?
Q	how can an illiterate man say these words?
Q	why do goldfish come to the surface to get air?
Q	my computer always buffering when i hear music from internethow can i hear music clearly?
Q	what is a nondisplaced fracture?
Q	how does one go about taking a crap?
Q	whats the most effective way to teach children how to read?
A	if you are using a ball mouse you may try cleaning the ball upside down  if you are using an optical mouse try changing the mouse settings in the control panel
Q	why do i get treated like a whore since i lost weight?
Q	what are the purposes of windmills?
A	global warming caused by increasing holes in the ozone this is caused by pollution such as car emmissions and chloraflora carbons
Q	what is rail to rail voltage?
Q	how can i study in night ?
Q	why r u answering my questions?
Q	why did the chicken cross the road?
A	go to the counter ask to speak to the manager and ask him for an application  fill it out  hand it back to him  follow any additional instructions he gives you
Q	why are some americans so ignorant?
A	isa stands for individual savings account  there are two types maxi and mini  maxi isa  £7000 invested in stocks  shares mini isa  £4000 in stocks  shares and £3000 cash
Q	how can i keep my room clean so i wont mess it up any more?
A	the first time you have anal sex you stretch your anus i believe the bleeding comes from the ripping that happens with the stretching
Q	have stains on eye glasses do not know what fromhave tried bon ami nail polish removerdoes not work any
Q	how do i install an amplifier onto a 2003 ford expedition factory stereo?
Q	why do i strain  and strain  and a pebble plops out?
Q	how can i be eveything a female ever wanted?
A	transfer all of the money to the connected bank account  you can ask for a check but they charge you a bit for that service
Q	whats making gas prices so high?
Q	why is it the weather service always issues a thunderstorm warning after the thunderstorm moves through?
A	well duh everybody thinks her songs are great including me especially behind those hazel eyes and because of you breakaway was one of her most popular albums
Q	why did superman have to wear his pants before wearing his briefs?
Q	how longs a flight from manchesteruk to malayasia?
Q	how do i restart my dell dimension 3000 to its factory settings?
Q	why does the aim smily for  wink with the wrong eye?
Q	why is the milk cooled before adding the 2t commercial yogurt ?
Q	john 316 believe means what?
Q	why the air becomes still?
Q	why arent we angry?
A	i believe it is slightly less than 1 table spoon but i exchange 1 tablespoon for the packet  the only possible difference is that the rise might occur slightly faster but not that noticable
Q	how do i clean a ps2 game if its scratched?
A	you can the first bug in a computer was an actual bug stuck in a relay  not sure why you would need bleach
Q	why is the sky blue at day dark blue at nght why scandinavia so different?
Q	how does an automatic transmission work and particularly the overdrive function?
A	theyre for babies to suck milk through them out of the mothers breast     but in reality theyre for us fellas to suck on
Q	what is seafood?
A	true alot of televisions warmup and cool down if that is not the case must have it serviced very rarely can something like that be resolved with a couple buttons
Q	why do white potatoes give off more electricity then apples?
Q	why is it raining today?
Q	how student can work with politic?
Q	why is the skin on my hands feet elbows and kness peeling?
Q	can burn a cd using my cdrom?how?
Q	how is brain considered an intellectual organ if so?
Q	what is fasching?
A	it is the simplest unit of execution a process can spawn multiple threads in a multi threaded system where each unit executes a piece of code that is scheduled by the os
Q	why piston ring gup necessary?
Q	delete history?
Q	i donlt use att anymore how do i get rid of the att logo on everything?
Q	on yahoo 360 why does the order of my friends change periodically?
A	it is a german word usu used aa a prefix to meanthe highest utmost  so an ubergeek is like king of the geeks dig?
Q	why is the beaver a canadian icon?
Q	how can i fix a damaged outlook express address book?
Q	how do i pay the church for performing a memorial service?
Q	whats the weather like in borneo in mayjune?
Q	if freckles are angel kisses  what are moles?
Q	could you tell me what you think contributes most to air pollution?
Q	What do you think?
Q	do you live right in the city itself?
Q	How about you?
Q	is that right? .
Q	How are lakes
Q	They have?
Q	Didn't they just have an article
Q	Do you really think that new vehicles though is a big problem
Q	how about all the trucks and buses that are out there
Q	doesn't that just mean they're out of tune
Q	Is that your idea
Q	did you happen to see last night the special on Channel Two with James Galway
Q	Was it?
Q	Do you?
Q	what kind of music do you not like?
Q	Have you ever been  Dallas Symphony?
Q	Have you?
Q	Are they?
Q	Was it?
Q	do you go see a lot of musicals?
Q	Was it on the radio every week
Q	Do you think it's a
Q	what type of exercise do you do
Q	Do you find that to be boring
Q	Have you ever had any injuries from jogging?
Q	Are you going to do that?
Q	How often do you go out each week on your walking?
Q	do you go walking?
Q	do you go to an aerobics class
Q	do you watch
Q	Which shows do you watch on TV
Q	what is the other one called
Q	what would you say your opinion is on gun control
Q	how do you feel about it?
Q	How long was the waiting period out there
Q	Do you believe there ought to be legislation guiding the buyer and the seller
Q	Is it registered
Q	Do you find it difficult picking up
Q	Is that right
Q	Are they going to be taught nothing
Q	What's going to happen
Q	How are you
Q	Where you from
Q	How come you don't have any now
Q	You get tired of them?
Q	How long does that take you to get to work
Q	what kind of biking do you do
Q	how long have you been biking
Q	is there anything that you particularly are concerned with in your particular area as far as security and that sort of thing
Q	Do you live in a real small town  out in the country
Q	How far out from the city do you live
Q	any theories on why this is happening?
Q	Why is it happening
Q	you think that would be a deterrent?
Q	Did you sue him under the civil system?
Q	what do you call those things?