YN	Q	I have a 9 year old Badger 1 that needs replacing will this Badger 1 install just like the original one?
-	A	I replaced my old one with this without a hitch
-	A	This may help InSinkErator Model BADGER1 Badger 1 13 HP Garbage Disposal PRODUCT DETAILS  Bellacor Number309641  UPC050375000419 Brand SKU500181
YN	Q	can I replace Badger 1 13 with a Badger 5 12  with same connections?
YN	Q	Does this come with power cord and dishwasher hook up?
OE	Q	where is the reset button located
OE	Q	I have a badger 5 it is leaking water at bottom near reset bottom plus does a new one came with a ss ring for inside the sink
OE	Q	If no power cord is included how do I plug in the disposal unit?
-	A	I ttok mine off of the broken unit and installed it on the new one
-	A	It fit the same as the one we replaced
YN	Q	will this one work to replace the badger 1 13 HP
OE	Q	so can this unit be connected with a dishwasher or do I need a different model?
OE	Q	How easy to replace existing badger 1 with badger 5?
-	A	Not difficult as long as you have a helper or something to prop up the replacement as you screw it into place
OE	Q	Does the unit come with the rubber collar or do I need to buy that separately?
-	A	If you mean the rubber collar that is visible when looking at the drain with the rubber flaps then yes it does
YN	Q	is there a connection for the dish washer
YN	Q	can these be used for gas stove burner?
-	A	yes it cani use it on my grills side burner to slow boil leftover marinades and veggies
YN	Q	can you bake corn bread on this without it burnding
YN	Q	Can this be used on gas stove when making polenta which needs low heat
-	A	maybe a single electric burner?
YN	Q	Do these work on induction cooktops?
YN	Q	Will this keep pourover coffee carafe contents warmed atop a gas range flame?
YN	Q	can these be used for gas stove burner?
-	A	yes it cani use it on my grills side burner to slow boil leftover marinades and veggies
YN	Q	can you bake corn bread on this without it burnding
YN	Q	Can this be used on gas stove when making polenta which needs low heat
-	A	maybe a single electric burner?
YN	Q	Do these work on induction cooktops?
YN	Q	Will this keep pourover coffee carafe contents warmed atop a gas range flame?
OE	Q	how many strips come in the kit I need at least 12
YN	Q	can more than one water source be tested?
-	A	The state doesnt have any protocols for rapid screening tests
YN	Q	does it have a colour indicator?
OE	Q	Does this kit tell you the amount of nitrates or just tell you its too high?
YN	Q	Is there an expiration date on any of the tests?
-	A	It has a test for bacteria for example EColi however the bacteria test does not specify what kind you have in there
OE	Q	I have not purchased the humidifier that uses this filter yet but on average how long does this filter last a rough estimate?
-	A	Hi yes we would bundle all 5 filters and charge one shipping price
YN	Q	Is this model for the 1855 Holmes humidifier?
YN	Q	does this filter fit the Holmes HM1845?
-	A	I just googled it and it says this filter works for it
YN	Q	Does it work with Kenmore humidifier?
YN	Q	Do I need to tear off the black outside before I put the new filter into the machine?
YN	Q	Does this filter fit the Holmes hm5100?
OE	Q	Brand new only a month old and filter is brown and dired put?
YN	Q	Can this filter remove all mold spores
-	A	I suppose so if you keep it clean I get a new filter each year
-	A	6 H x 1 W diameter of filter is 7
OE	Q	Would this bulb fit the SlantFin Model GF 100 and do you send the bulb to Canada?
YN	Q	Is this the same bulb as the EUV13B?
OE	Q	Can you tell what base this bulb has Med Min or sub min
YN	Q	does it fit Vicks V3900 humidifier?
-	A	I do not know the answerNot sure
YN	Q	will these range replacement knobs fit a tappan electric stove ?
-	A	They are to make the knobs fitbut the knobs kept falling off even with those
OE	Q	Do you have to hold down the IS button or does it stay on after you press it one time?
YN	Q	do you have replacement knobs for hotpoint stove?
YN	Q	Can the knob be oriented with off at 9 oclock rather than 12 oclock position?
-	A	Dont know for sure but they come with adapters that I used
YN	Q	will this fit Thermador OEM Bosch older cooktop?
YN	Q	will knobs fit kenmore36275275692
-	A	I think they will fit any electric stoveit comes with various size fittings for the stem
YN	Q	will these range replacement knobs fit a tappan electric stove ?
-	A	They are to make the knobs fitbut the knobs kept falling off even with those
OE	Q	Do you have to hold down the IS button or does it stay on after you press it one time?
YN	Q	do you have replacement knobs for hotpoint stove?
YN	Q	Can the knob be oriented with off at 9 oclock rather than 12 oclock position?
-	A	Dont know for sure but they come with adapters that I used
YN	Q	will this fit Thermador OEM Bosch older cooktop?
YN	Q	will knobs fit kenmore36275275692
-	A	I think they will fit any electric stoveit comes with various size fittings for the stem
OE	Q	How many loads can you wash before it needs emptied?
OE	Q	How many loads can you wash before it needs emptied?
YN	Q	Does it have screens in place where the vents are to prevent lint from blowing out of the vent holes?
YN	Q	Will the LTF Lint Dryer Kit work on a gas dryer?
OE	Q	Sink connection question Has anyone had this problem and figured out a way to solve it?
OE	Q	lint screen stuckbroken Any suggestions?
OE	Q	What kind of batteries does it take?
-	A	Seemed pretty accurate to me had another digital in the room and they read the same
YN	Q	Does this monitor read humidity levels below 16?
OE	Q	I sure need to know if this can be used on a rockstone yard to pick up leaf debris but leaves behind the decorative stone?
OE	Q	Im assuming this is a electrical plug in rather than gas powered correct?
YN	Q	Will this work on my astro turf sun deck for picking up bugs and leaves?
YN	Q	Will this work on astro turf to pick up small bugs and leaves?
OE	Q	This maybe have been answered I have a huge leaf problem from the city trees  can this vacuum do the job?
-	A	Do not buy biggest piece of junk ever
OE	Q	The bag ripped in two places where can I purchase a new bag?
-	A	I went on amazon and ordered another one had it in 2 days
OE	Q	Is there any hand held attachment or crevice tool?
YN	Q	Would this pick up pine needles on a lawn?
-	A	This Filter can not be washed in any way it is a paper material
YN	Q	Does this filter fit model 8975?
-	A	It measures 914 inches long by 21116 inches wide and is 716 thick and fits perfectly in my model 3990
YN	Q	does this filter work on all style 8?
-	A	It did not fit my 37601 as per my review
YN	Q	does this filter work on all style 8 vacuums?
-	A	I have the Bissell lift offcannot speak for other models
-	A	Box says it fits 600 400 and ED11
OE	Q	hat is dimention of ESK7V1051?W
OE	Q	What are to over all dimensions for the 1041 filter
YN	Q	Will this fit the Bemis humidifierlooking for part 1041 for a Bemis and this came up on my search?
-	A	I believe the answer is yes as they effectively are the same company now
YN	Q	Will this fit indoor model numer PS8688061?
OE	Q	This will work with GE MSWF Refrigerator?
-	A	I have a GE PDS22SSBRSS and it works for mine
YN	Q	Can this filter be used under a sink?
YN	Q	will this filter accept a copper water line
OE	Q	How many filters are included in an order or what is the quantity?
OE	Q	how do you replace H65C Filter?
-	A	I been using them for 2 years and they fit fine and I just put my latest one in last week
YN	Q	Does it fit a homes hm1230 humidifier
-	A	According to the model numbers listed on the box it will not fit
YN	Q	Do you install these filters with the metal reinforced side up?
-	A	The metal mesh should face outward
OE	Q	Capacity How much clothes fits in a 6LB washer?
YN	Q	can it be settled on a bathtub?
-	A	No it needs to be On flat surface
YN	Q	Can this model 1 cubic handle a king size sheet set?
-	A	I tested queen size and its fit I dont know if its ok for the king size
OE	Q	Im still researching but has anyone tried adapting this into a 220 volt system for overseas use?
OE	Q	how do you hook it up to a regular washer faucet with both a cold water inlet and a hot water inlet as it lookslike it only has one hose to conect to
-	A	You would need some sort of Y connector to merge both hot and cold lines into one
OE	Q	Replacement Quick Sink Adapter My quick sink adapter was misplaced does anyone know where I can get a new one?
YN	Q	Does this fit SCM7809 which requires an E?
OE	Q	where can I get HWF23 filters for my HM1200 Holmes humidiier?
YN	Q	Will this fit Bonaire BCM 658 filter BWF100PHWF100P?
YN	Q	Does it fit the Sunbeam Model 1117
YN	Q	Does this filter fit the Bonaire BCM740?
YN	Q	I havent purchase it yet is the lid sharp after its opened?
-	A	Yes but the magnet holds the lid in place instead of letting it fall so theres really no reason to cut your self
OE	Q	Why does amazon charge so much?
OE	Q	Can this open a 32 oz can if crushed tomatoes or any other really wide can?
YN	Q	Does this opener hang onto the can after it is done opening it hands free?
YN	Q	Is this a smooth touch can opener where the lid doesnt fall into the can?
-	A	Our experience is that the magnet captures and holds the lid for every opening 100 of the time without fail
OE	Q	Does anyone know where I can get this can opener in RED?
OE	Q	Is the knife sharpener electric or manual?
-	A	Hi Elizabet It is Electric Sharpner
YN	Q	I havent purchase it yet is the lid sharp after its opened?
-	A	Yes but the magnet holds the lid in place instead of letting it fall so theres really no reason to cut your self
OE	Q	Why does amazon charge so much?
OE	Q	Can this open a 32 oz can if crushed tomatoes or any other really wide can?
YN	Q	Does this opener hang onto the can after it is done opening it hands free?
YN	Q	Is this a smooth touch can opener where the lid doesnt fall into the can?
-	A	Our experience is that the magnet captures and holds the lid for every opening 100 of the time without fail
OE	Q	Does anyone know where I can get this can opener in RED?
OE	Q	Is the knife sharpener electric or manual?
-	A	Hi Elizabet It is Electric Sharpner
OE	Q	NonDucted range Hood does this mean there is no need to vent up thru the roof or out thru the wall?
YN	Q	I will be plugging the rangehood into the wall will I need a power cord kit?
OE	Q	Does this come with the filter or do I have to buy filter separtely
YN	Q	Is the charcoal filter a separate accessory from the aluminium mesh?
OE	Q	what type of cover is over the light bulb ?
OE	Q	can anyone please tell me what the depth of the unit is from the back to just where the grills and switches are
OE	Q	Can this be powered from an outlet plug or do I have to hardwire it in?
-	A	Use Broan HCK44 Power Cord Kit on individual display card by BroanNuTone Amazon 897 3 ft cord to convert from hard wired
YN	Q	does it plug in to a regular 110 outlet?
OE	Q	How much clearence do I need to leave above the stovetop?
-	A	Mine is like 18 from the stove top
OE	Q	How long have you had your hoses and have you experienced any leaks or leaking fittings?
YN	Q	Does this ship with a quantity of two hoses for the current listed price?
OE	Q	What is the inside diameter of these hoses?
YN	Q	Will original drawers work with this in a GE model TBX14SYXKLWH?
-	A	I believe so mine did just fine
OE	Q	Where do I find the part number for the fridge or the missing shelf?
YN	Q	Will it work with model PS890565 also will the original drawers fit
-	A	All I know is that it works fine with model ctx16cayrrwh and the original drawers with that model fit
YN	Q	Would this work on my hotpoint model ctx14cytgrwh?
YN	Q	would this work on my hotpoint model ctx14ayxkrwh serial hr749157 refrigerator do the drawers slide into slots ?
-	A	the drawers do fit into the slots
OE	Q	Can you confirm if this Kenmore Refrigerator Icemaker Ice Maker amp Water Valve 4318047 part fits on model 25353679303 Kenmore
YN	Q	does this fit Kenmore model 59672252200
OE	Q	Im looking to replace water supply line and water dispenser for kenmore 10659592992
YN	Q	does this work on a kenmore elite freezer ice maker model25344733100
YN	Q	Will this part replace 2182104 ?
YN	Q	does this part work with Kenmore model 59679872990?
YN	Q	Will this valve work a Kenmore model 7957840
-	A	Yes just follow directions the only thing it will be 24 to 36 hours for the ice maker to reset if you disconnected the ice maker
-	A	If it will fit on your fridge it will work
OE	Q	I need a water supply valve for a kenmore 10650252000 will this part work?
-	A	Cant say for sure I used it on a Sub Zero builtin where it was mounted outside of the box seems to be a standard type valve
YN	Q	Will this work with a Kenmore Refrigerator 10650522100 ?
-	A	WE have a whirlpool and it works so it should they are the same company
YN	Q	does it have a cycle time adjustment
YN	Q	will this replace my kenmore 10626636
-	A	wires were included with the kit
OE	Q	Does this stopper fit down into the drain or at the top of the drain so that it sticks out into the basin of the sink?
-	A	Mine fits down in the drain with nothing sticking out into the sink
YN	Q	Is this easier to pull out than the plastic stopper?
YN	Q	will it fit any insinkerator disposal?
YN	Q	do these fit a Sunbeam model  2412?
YN	Q	Do these fit a Sunbeam model  2412?
-	A	Terry yes according to wwwappliancefactorypartscom that filter fits 118 models and that sun beam SCM2412 is one of them
OE	Q	Is this a 2pack of 3 filters for a total of 6 filters or just a total of 2 filters
YN	Q	Will this replace S 106 626639 ice maker installed in my Amana refrigarator
YN	Q	will it fit maytag model msd2432grw
YN	Q	Does this icemaker replace my icemaker in Maytag refrigerator model msd2651hew ?
OE	Q	I am missing the arm does this come with one or do you know what part the arm would be?
OE	Q	So you have any instructions on how to install this?
YN	Q	Is this part for in MF12665XEM Maytag refrigerator?
YN	Q	Is this a compatable replacement for Maytag Model  MTB2156DEW
OE	Q	I replaced my icemaker and the valve on the back but i still fills bucket up with mostly water
YN	Q	does this fit insinkerator evolution essential?
-	A	No I bought this as a suppressor of noise and it came to me as a insinkerator gasket
YN	Q	Do you have insinkerator splash guards Model Nol 3482414 inches in diameter
YN	Q	After you snap it in can it be removed later for cleaning?
YN	Q	does it fit kitchen aid disposals?
OE	Q	What are the dimensions please seemed to have problems finding one which fits our drain
YN	Q	Does this down draft automatic go up and down by a button?
OE	Q	This downdraft would be a replacement for me and for a cut out of 28 14 inch would this work for me and what is the amperage on this downdraft?
-	A	Yes this model does have reversible doors so that you can have the swing to the left or right side of the unit
YN	Q	Does this freezer automatically defrost?
OE	Q	is it reliable or does it break down
OE	Q	Powering 110 or 220 V  50 or 60 Hz?
YN	Q	Is this appliance quiet enough to keep in the house as a spare?
YN	Q	does this refrigerator come in stainless steel
YN	Q	Is this product certified to remove lead Ive seen it multiple areas on your website where it says it is and isnt?
-	A	This requires a larger filter which can be found online per ad
YN	Q	does the 2 stage filter work with the 18 cup dispenser
-	A	Yes it comes with one I also bought a 4 pack for spares
-	A	According to the information on their website yes it is
OE	Q	Will the lid fit and stay on this if you leave out the filter and top water reservoir so this can be used as a tea dispenser?
OE	Q	How do you know when to change the filter?
OE	Q	Can I fill this up all the way to the top or do I have to stop at the blue segment?
OE	Q	When I changed battery in my unit it does not work as it always shows 15RH
YN	Q	The Halogen bulbs are not very energy efficienthave they made new energy efficient bulbs that would work in place of the halogens?
OE	Q	how many light bulbs does it use
OE	Q	Does this come with a cordandplug assembly or do I have to hard wire it in?
OE	Q	What are the overall dimensions of this range hood?
-	A	30 wide 20 12 deep front to back 7 high top to bottom
OE	Q	what is the size of the duct vent
OE	Q	How well does the ductless install work to remove cooking odors?
YN	Q	The Halogen bulbs are not very energy efficienthave they made new energy efficient bulbs that would work in place of the halogens?
OE	Q	how many light bulbs does it use
OE	Q	Does this come with a cordandplug assembly or do I have to hard wire it in?
OE	Q	What are the overall dimensions of this range hood?
-	A	30 wide 20 12 deep front to back 7 high top to bottom
OE	Q	what is the size of the duct vent
OE	Q	How well does the ductless install work to remove cooking odors?
YN	Q	Does the duct kit come with the range
OE	Q	what size halogen bulbs dose it take and which filters do I nee d to purchase?
-	A	yes the fan is ten inches or more
YN	Q	Does this hood needs non ducted filters
YN	Q	Does this unit comes with filters
-	A	There are two filters one on each side near the back
YN	Q	is this come with filer and what side for duced and ductless ?
-	A	Item did not come with charcoal filter for ductless ventilation
YN	Q	does this washer have a spin cycle?
YN	Q	Does this hook up through a hose to a water faucet?
OE	Q	u dont got to hook it up to the sink do u for the water to go in and does it drain all the water out of clothes like a reg washer does
OE	Q	how many cloths can it contain?
OE	Q	how many gallons of water will this hold?
YN	Q	Would this model be ideal for a gun safe?
OE	Q	Is the hygrometer metal and glass or plastic?
OE	Q	why is there a rubber ring around the hygrometer?
OE	Q	Is this just for small spaces like a cigar humidor or guitar case or can one use this for small rooms 12 x 15 for instance?
-	A	The temp and humidity display is continuous
YN	Q	can show temperature in Celsius degrees?
-	A	Yes iddy bitty switch on the top right or the unit for F Liberia Myanmar and the USA and then the rest of the world in C
YN	Q	do they come in different sizes
-	A	18 inch long cuff fits all stretchable
-	A	NO its a waste of money  bought these for gardening but they slip down and get caught on everything
OE	Q	Duhhh when it says 6 pack is it referring to 6 sleeves 3 pair or 12 sleeves 6 pairs of sleeves?
YN	Q	does this protect from chemicals
YN	Q	will these sleeves protect against limitedshort contact time with a hot exhaust manifold under 200 degrees
YN	Q	Are they machine washable and reusable?
-	A	Yes the are but they dont stay up well before or after washing
YN	Q	Does 6 pack mean 6 pairs or 3 pairs?
-	A	6 pack is 6 total pieces per order quantity of 6 single sleeves in a single pack or 3 pairs of 2 sleeves
-	A	ice bin ice maker cube unit water line from supplied control valve and misc mounting hardware and instructions
YN	Q	Will this Ice maker fit a GE Refridgerator model TBX21IA 206 cu?
OE	Q	parts included Does this come with the 6 pin to 4 pin adapter plug?
YN	Q	does this ice maker fit the 11 cubic foot apartment model?
YN	Q	Does this model have a water filter?
-	A	Mine did not come with a filter
YN	Q	will it fit a sears refrigerator
OE	Q	What whirlpool refrigerators is it compatible with?
-	A	all side by side whirlpool refrigerators freezer on the left side filter is below freezer door
OE	Q	why is it cheaper to buy two one packs than one two pack?
-	A	The recommend filter for your model number is the 4396508 Whirlpool Refrigerator Water Filter
YN	Q	WhatAboutParts are you currently shipping genuine OEM WhirlpoolKitchenAid parts as pictured?
-	A	It does say on the bottle that it is sodium EDTA
OE	Q	What quantity of liquid is used per gallon of water?
-	A	Just use the cap off the bottle to measure 2 cap fulls per gallon
YN	Q	Can you use it in just a regular humidifier cool water?
YN	Q	are any of these treatment products suitable for built in the heating system humidifiers?
OE	Q	how long do I need to soak the heating element for before scrubbing with brush
OE	Q	What do I use since I have a culligan water softener that uses salt?
OE	Q	filters for Bionaire BCM5521U what will fit?
-	A	The Bionaire website has all the sizes and info you need
YN	Q	does this filter fit model BCM7910PF?
OE	Q	what filterwick fits into the Bionaire model BCM7207
YN	Q	will this fit the Bionaire BCM 7309 humidifier?
-	A	Yes this filter fits 118 models
YN	Q	Will these filters fit Bionaire model BCM7204?
-	A	In the product description on the Amazon website it shows that it fits this model among many others
YN	Q	Does this filter the same as Protec Filter 3WF813 which is recommended on the side of my ReliOn humidifier?
-	A	My humidifier called for 813 and they fit and work fine just maintain them as recommended by your humidifier manufacturer
YN	Q	Does this fit graco cool mist humidifiers?
YN	Q	would it be alright to use the humidifier for one night without the filter?
YN	Q	Does this filter work with a Pro Care PCCM832N cool mist humidifier?
-	A	Yes that is the model I use it in
YN	Q	Does this filter work with the Graco 15 gallon humidifier?
YN	Q	Does the Broan F403023 has a round hole on the tope which can attach a duct to the wall outletxFF1F
OE	Q	Will this plug in to a wall outlet or needs to be wired
OE	Q	is it going with the filter or not
YN	Q	Does the power cord wire come with it?
-	A	Yes this is a lighted hood but you will have to purchase a bulb for it
OE	Q	how is this range hood horizontal
-	A	Works very well easy installation
OE	Q	Does this have a brushed nickle look or very shiny look?
-	A	The warranty information is in the papers that came with your product
YN	Q	Can this be cutwe have an outlet that needs tobe cut outstainless is harder then sheet metal?
YN	Q	Can it be installed over ceramic tile?
OE	Q	how cando I attache it to the wall  I already have a granit installed?
OE	Q	How can I fit a 30 inch range hood into a 33 inch opening?
-	A	You must reduce the size of the opening by using 1 12 thick material on both sides
YN	Q	Does the black one come with predrilled holes for installation?
OE	Q	proper replacement of filter and fill up?
OE	Q	what is the difference between honewell HC14 and HC14N filter?
OE	Q	Why does the filter in the photo look twice the height?
YN	Q	Does this filter fit the 6011G model?
OE	Q	What is the best way to clean these filters?
OE	Q	why does it just stop even when water tank is full
OE	Q	why honeywell quicksteam humidifier leaks
OE	Q	How long does it operate on a fillup?
-	A	A day and a half on lowest setting
-	A	Unlikely i think that would require some sort of charcoal filter?
YN	Q	Will these fit and work correctly in the Kenmore Whole House Water Filter model  38445
OE	Q	I need 2 12 sediment 1micron for reverse osmosis
YN	Q	will this fit the watts whole house filter properly?
-	A	Almost all whole house filter have the same size filter
OE	Q	if the filter mwf is bad the refrigirator dont give me water on the door
OE	Q	Water Pressure Does anyone know if this filter is related to low flow?
YN	Q	Does low ice production mean that it is time to change the filter?
OE	Q	How many gallons does it filter?
YN	Q	do you have to prime the filter before installing it ?
YN	Q	Does this filter remove Fluoride from the water?
-	A	According to Manufacturer this does not remove fluoride from water
-	A	Hello if the model number will be the same only then its going to fit
YN	Q	do you need to turn off the water before replacing the filter?
YN	Q	Does this have a cello tuner setting?
OE	Q	How long does the battery last if left on the thermohygrometer setting constantly?
OE	Q	when i add this to my cart it shows a picture of Intelli DM8lt  is this truly a recent model Intelli IMT301?
OE	Q	What size drill bit do you use for these grommets?
-	A	I did not use a drill I used my cropidile to punch holes the 14
YN	Q	Can I pass a coax cable thru it?
OE	Q	what panel thickness are these designed to be used with?
YN	Q	Will this create an airtight watertight seal around a 14 tubing?
OE	Q	What was the diameter of the straws used for those that bought this product to make mason jar drinking cups?
YN	Q	will this one work if the vent is coming out the ground
YN	Q	Does this come with attached piping to fit into existing piping?
YN	Q	can it be used with bathroom exhaust fan
OE	Q	What is the best way to clean out this dryer vent ?
-	A	The cover opens and then the baffle inside can be lifted off so you can clean everything quickly and easily
OE	Q	How do I know that the bottle is empty and I have to replace it?
-	A	When the dark fluid is gone and the container is clear and empty you need to have access to be able to it because you only know visually
OE	Q	Does anyone know if this product can be used if you have an aerobic septic system or will it harm the microbes?
YN	Q	Has anyone had an issue with leaking from the cartridge after its been changed?
YN	Q	I have tried turning it back and forth but it wont budgeshould I keep forcing it?
YN	Q	Will this work on a 555SS Insinkerator disposal that is jammed?
OE	Q	what is the size diameter of the face of this wrench?
YN	Q	We have a Badger 5001 garbage disposal will this fit?
OE	Q	How much of the old baffle has to be cut awayjust the flaps or the rim as well?
YN	Q	WILL THIS WORK ON MY INSINKERATOR 777SS1
-	A	It should work and just drop into to opening and fit snugly since the various models have a universal opening diameter
YN	Q	Will this work in an evolution disposal?
OE	Q	How does this muffle noise and prevent splash back with the large holesyou can see the bottom of the disposer thru the large center opening?
YN	Q	Will this work with my insinkerator compactp1 34 hp
-	A	According to Insinkerators web site it is for Badger Products only
YN	Q	does this product fit the insinkerator Badger 5 12 hp
OE	Q	what does date on end of carton stand for?
YN	Q	Will this filter work in place of the culligan IN1 filter i have now?
YN	Q	is this same as kenmore 4638447
-	A	you will need to insulate either of them wrap them in fiberglass insulation and duct tape
OE	Q	How long does this ducting stretch out to?
-	A	When I upgraded I did not need a new power cord
YN	Q	does this work with the insinkerator evolution septic assist?
YN	Q	Does it work on the wall outlet
OE	Q	how much and what kind of soap does one use per gallon of water or wash load?
YN	Q	Does it agitate like a regular washing machine?
-	A	It was capable of doing a pair of jeans in it but I didnt feel like it did a good enough job washing
YN	Q	Is there anything I can buy that fits this machine to spin the water out of the clothes?
-	A	Very good they will not hear the washer very soft noise
YN	Q	Does this do a good job of felting hand knit woolen items like slippers or mittens?
YN	Q	does the wonder washer spin clothes
-	A	Yes but you will have to cut them down to smaller size
-	A	Yes most of this filters should fit the machine as long as it is round
YN	Q	Can they be used on AirOSwiss S450?
YN	Q	Do these hang limp like the quality SS handheld shower hoses?
-	A	They are taut washer hosesnot much flexibility in them but for their use as washer hoses they do not need to be flexible
-	A	They have operations in North America Europe and Asia
YN	Q	Do they have flow restrictors in side of them?
YN	Q	Does the unit come with filters?
-	A	Comes three medium filers and three carbon filters
OE	Q	whats the warrenty on the holmes air purfierHep756u
-	A	The manual states a 5 year limited warranty
OE	Q	how do you reset the filter light for the Carbon and the Hepa?
-	A	Yes 3 HEPA and 3 carbon filters
YN	Q	Does this have a hookup for a dishwasher?
-	A	40 Amp draw 115 Vac 60 Hz 13 HP
-	A	Thats how i did it only replaced what is in this picture
YN	Q	does the whirlaway 191 have an internal fuse?
-	A	Yes there is a reset button on the bottom of the unit
OE	Q	whirlaway 191 will it be comparable with the whirlaway pro 184 an esay to install?
-	A	I have no experience with the 291
OE	Q	i am trying to get the specs on this product but cant find them can you help?
OE	Q	What about using it with the Best Air Water amp Scaling treatment to address both the scaling and bacteria issues?
YN	Q	Does it have added artificial fragrance?
OE	Q	Is it supposed to be mixed with the water that is actually used for humidifying or is it just a cleaning agent to be rinsed out before reg use?
YN	Q	Will this work with a cool mist humidifier?
OE	Q	Why cant this be used in ultrasonic humidifiers?
OE	Q	Why cant I use it in a vaporizer
YN	Q	Can this be used for ultrasonic humidifiers?
-	A	Not for use in vaporizers or ultrasonic humidifiers
OE	Q	what are the active ingredients in this product?
-	A	dimethyl benzyl ammonium chlorides 1125 and dimethyl ethylbenzyl ammonium chlorides 1125 and inert ingredients 97750
YN	Q	Can this be used in Honeywell humidifiers?
YN	Q	can be used for a dryer vent hose
OE	Q	does this retract on its own after you stretch it out or does it stay in the same position?
-	A	It retracts a little bit but after you stretch it out it mostly stays that far stretched
OE	Q	Is it 8 ft long before being stretched out or after?
-	A	Its about 8 ft AFTER being stretched
YN	Q	Does this kit work with Haier electric dryers?
-	A	Yes i have the haier compact electric dryer that i use it with
YN	Q	is it possible to run vent for air leaving this thing into bath fan vent line?
OE	Q	How often does it need to be cleaned out?
YN	Q	can i adapt this to vent thru a widow?
-	A	Its works fine with a full size LG dryer
YN	Q	can it be installed with a copper sink?
YN	Q	Does it accommodate a dishwasher?
-	A	Yes it does just remember to remove the plug where the dishwasher drain hose connects
YN	Q	does the splash guard come inside the box with the legend 8000 disposal
-	A	Probably a result from a law suit brought on by somebody that could stick their hand down the opening
OE	Q	My existing disposal is hardwired not plugged into the wall Can I hard wire Waste King or do I need to install outlet?
OE	Q	Does the filter actually need to be mounted to a wall or will it function normally laying on the ground behind the fridge?
YN	Q	Does this filter include mounting hardware as pictured
-	A	no mounting hardware filter great has the brass end for 14 hose
YN	Q	Will this switch allow me to control the low speed on a 3 speed conventional Hunter Douglas ceiling fan ?
-	A	Yes but put the fan on high speed and control the speed with the new variable speed switch
YN	Q	Im looking for a variable speed control for a 35 amp 13 hp induction motor will this one work?
-	A	As long as this is not a capacitor start motor it will work
YN	Q	Would you recommend this for a 2 Speed Range Hood Electric Range Fan to control fan speed?
-	A	I connected 3 wires hot neutral and the ground wire to the receptacle box
YN	Q	Can I use this to control a Dayton model 1HLA3 16 inch exhaust fan?
-	A	The quality of this unit is not great
-	A	I doubt it I suspect your motor may be a capacitor start and a higher than 25 amp load which are specifically not supported
YN	Q	Will this work with any fireplace blower when also connected to a thermal switch?
YN	Q	Can I control three ceiling fans with one control?
-	A	You could probably daisy chain them if the total current draw doesnt exceed the rated capacity of the unit
YN	Q	When this is used with a blower motor that uses 100 watts of power at 115 volts do you use fewer watts when you run the blower more slowly?
YN	Q	Can it be used with a single phase 1 amp blower motor?
-	A	Its a mini freezer not a refrigerator
OE	Q	Is this freezer self defrosting or manual defrosting?
-	A	Manual Defrost still working great
-	A	Its a mini freezer not a refrigerator
OE	Q	Is this freezer self defrosting or manual defrosting?
-	A	Manual Defrost still working great
OE	Q	It has a place for scent pads  does that area heat up or can I use a pad with essential oils there?
OE	Q	the customer reviews complain about the noise it make is this true?
YN	Q	It says whisper quiet in descriptionis this true?
-	A	Not true at all it is very noisy and not efficient at all
OE	Q	I saw a review to add the lemon juice to water to avoid possible Mold and Mildew issues as PH level of water alters with acidic lemon Any thoughts?
OE	Q	Is this warm mist or cool mist?
OE	Q	What is the spacing between screwholes?
-	A	3 78 inches from center to center of each hole
YN	Q	Does this come in a 35 hole model for 15 doors?
OE	Q	what is the size of the locking pin?
-	A	Im not sureone inch maybeBut this is very goodI got 2 and Im very satisfied
OE	Q	Is it just internal or outside handle included?
-	A	Theres a smaller handle On one side
OE	Q	can you tell me what the dimensions are for the screw holes are they 3 1516 or 3 12 etc etc
YN	Q	does this slider door handle come with an exterior lock?
OE	Q	What size center to center of mounting holes
OE	Q	how far apart are the screw holes?
-	A	I have a mid 80s GE stove with one large burner and three small and these fit my stove perfectly
-	A	I think they would most burners are a standard size
YN	Q	Are the drip pans and trim rings two separate pieces?
YN	Q	Will these fit an older Universal cook stove?
-	A	Not an expert but these should work on almost any flip up electric burners that are 6 and 8 inches
-	A	Yes these will fit an electric Hotpoint stovetop
-	A	3 six inch with 3 rings and 1 eight inch with a ring
YN	Q	will this fit GE JBP22BK1CT stove?
-	A	The package contains 1 large and three small pans and rings
OE	Q	say will not fit apatment size hotpoint?
-	A	They didnt fit our hotpoint a friend had to modify them with us but it was no easy task
OE	Q	how about a Westinghouse stove with 1 lg burner amp 3 smaller burners
-	A	Mine is GE range and they fit perfect so cant answer that one for you
YN	Q	Is this a universal range element that will fit even a kenmore electric range?
YN	Q	Will this element work with other stoves?
-	A	It will work with most stoves because its a standard size
OE	Q	What is the diameter the 7381 range kleen element?
YN	Q	Will this product fit a Kenmore Range?
YN	Q	Will this work on Premier stove top?
-	A	You have to check the specs and models of the brand that they replace which should be on parts replacement page
YN	Q	is this able to work on an Amana is it the large one or the small
-	A	This is the large one  And this will fit Amana
YN	Q	Will this fit a Maytag range model MER5552BAQ?
YN	Q	Does this fit a Frigidaire range?
OE	Q	If there are any customers who bought this for a GE stove and it didnt fitwhich part was too bigsmall or other problem?
OE	Q	what are the dimensions of the small drip pans?
OE	Q	What are the measurements of the large drip pan?
-	A	The inner edge that rests inside the large drip pan opening is 8 14 outer edge that sits on top of the stove is 9 14
-	A	Im not sure about your model stove but the drip pans measure from outside edge to outside edge 95 for the large one and 75 for the three smaller ones
-	A	I have personally gotten theseand still have themYou get 3 6 and 1 8
-	A	9 34 and 7 12 are the outside measurements and they are about 1 12 or 1 34 inches deep  thats harder to measure
YN	Q	I have an older apartment size GE stove will these fit?
OE	Q	The title of this product is Set Of 4 Containing 3 Units P119 1 Unit P120 Black however the technical details state 2 6 and 2 8 which is it?
YN	Q	Do these include the trim for the pans?
YN	Q	Is Style A 3 6inch 1 8 inch for Kenmore stoves?
OE	Q	I want to know if this product fits a Kenmore electric stove
-	A	Sorry  not sure I can answer that since we have GE electric stove   they fit ours fine
YN	Q	Will drip plans fit Maytag MES5570AAW?
-	A	I have a cheap Frigidaire stove and they fit beautifully
OE	Q	Do you know if they will fit a Gibson stove?
-	A	As long as the stove supports 6 and 8 electrical elements
OE	Q	Will these fit a Tappan and are they an A?
YN	Q	WILL THESE FIT GE STOVES UNIVERSAL DRIP PANS
YN	Q	Will these work on a Kenmore range?
YN	Q	Can you safely clean these in selfcleaning oven?
YN	Q	will they fit a kenmore model number79094212400
-	A	They should fit any standard size stove and they are very easy to clean
YN	Q	Would this fit for a Hot Point Brand Range ?
YN	Q	Does this work on Hotpoint stoves?
-	A	They fit perfectly in my hotpoint stove
OE	Q	Exactly what size is the Range Kleen 7600 7600 Gas Grate for Whirlpool stove tops?
OE	Q	do you have grates to fit a kenmore gas range or will these fit?
-	A	I got these to fit a Whirlpool range
YN	Q	will it work on model sf362lxsq ?
-	A	not sure Sears will answer this question
YN	Q	will this replace manufacturer part 74005301
-	A	I think they are the larger size the smaller dimensions match what I was looking for and these were just slightly too large
OE	Q	i have kitchenaid electric stove model KECS 100 SOB 1i wanted to know if these chrome plated bowls fit into my stove?
-	A	Im sorry I dont know the answer to that question
YN	Q	I have an old Tappan kitchen 4 burnerswill it fit mine?
-	A	They were 6 and 8to fit my Whirlpool range
-	A	I am sorry I dont know the answer
YN	Q	are they the kind that stay on the burner when the burner is in use?
-	A	No they are just covers that need to be removed when you use the burner
OE	Q	What is the texture of the black burner covers?
YN	Q	As a DIY install can the Evolution Compact 34hp unit replace an Insinkerator 13hp model wo modifications?
-	A	Its true the disposal drains slowly I have a single bowl sink
YN	Q	does this use a wall mounted on off switch
OE	Q	How far from the top is the top of the drain output?
YN	Q	when ordering this does iron and head come intact together ?
YN	Q	Is this suitable for use in Europe 240 volts?
-	A	The head is about 2 34 across letter size in font sizes is about 28 quite readable I like mine any bigger and it would not work for me
OE	Q	Can Wall Lenk do upper and lowercase on the brand or only upper?
OE	Q	How can additional branding plates be bought?
OE	Q	What size is the imprint area and is there any limitation on the number of letters?
OE	Q	How much do the letters cost and do you sell them?
OE	Q	How Many gallon is this tank 10?
-	A	Its been a while since I purchased the tank but as I recall it is a 6 gallon tank
YN	Q	Does the tank come with the gasket kit?
OE	Q	Does this come with a relief valve or do I have to buy one separate?
YN	Q	Does this one have the studs on the back for the junction box and the hole on the back side for the heating element for the gas and eletric model
OE	Q	How does the shutoff kit work with a steam dryer connected to water supply?
-	A	Yes upside down or 90 degree will all work
YN	Q	Does this come with the new v4 controller listed on the Floodstop website?
YN	Q	May i know does this item come together with a calibration certificate?
OE	Q	Can the alarm be set to sound based on temp or just humidity?
-	A	I think it is just humidity but I will try and check that on the unit tomorrow and let you know
YN	Q	Would you recommend this product for monitoring the humidity in a crawl space remotely?
YN	Q	Does the external probe measure BOTH Temp amp Humidity?
OE	Q	This ad says the 44815s probe can extend on an 18inch cable how can I read humidity about 36 away?
YN	Q	Would this unit be suitable for monitoring conditions in an outside root cellar?
-	A	Everything was there except the power cord which we salvaged from the old unit
YN	Q	Do you need to use plumbers putty for installation ?
-	A	yes plumbers putty is applied to sink flange between the sink and the flange
OE	Q	Whats the difference between the Pro Essential and just plain Essential?
-	A	As far as I can tell the differences are The color of the housing the packaging and the stopper the pro has a chrome stopper
YN	Q	Has anyone replaced an Insinkerator 444 with this model?
YN	Q	Do you also need to buy the power cord and dishwasher connector kit?
YN	Q	Can I use it in the condition of 220V Voltage?
-	A	I am pretty sure it only works on 110
YN	Q	Would it work on a European power network?
OE	Q	Insinkerator Evolution Essential What is the difference between the Essential and the Pro Essential?
-	A	Approximately 35 inches standard kitchen drain size
YN	Q	will this work on my insinkerator 777ss1 with out taking it apart?
OE	Q	difference between splash guard and baffle
-	A	Yes just put it on the top rack
YN	Q	Does this Collar Sink Baffle fit Model Pro 333 disposal?
-	A	My InSinkErator opening is 3 12 and this fit it perfectly when inserted from the top
YN	Q	Do you think I can use this on a 15 year old insinkerator?
YN	Q	does it work with kitchen aid disposals
OE	Q	cordless screwdriver for the life of mei cant figure out how to chuck a drill bit in this thingmy drill bits are roundhow does this thing hold them?
-	A	Milwaukee Makes a Chuck  key with a 14 in Hex shank for their 6546 drill should be able to pick one up for around 20 Ron
YN	Q	Does this sink stopper fit Waste King Legend 2600
YN	Q	Is the splash guard 3 in outside diameter?
-	A	I am happy with it on a waste king  you might get the measurements from both  they are probably very close
OE	Q	This shows it will fit a Whirlaway 291 12 hp disposal has anyone used it for a Whirlaway disposal?
YN	Q	Does it fit Waste King SS 2600?
-	A	Cannot answer the BTU maximum but have been using for one year with a 440000 BTU natural gas pool heater with no problems
OE	Q	The 34 in fip and mip thread fittings supplied with flex hose will fit standard 34 black pipe thread?
-	A	I put pipe insulation around the tubing all the way up to the bar and turned the co2 down to 6 helped out on the foam a bunch
OE	Q	what are the inside dimensions?
YN	Q	does this unit come with a keg coupler?
-	A	Coors Kegs are a bit funky shaped but I have two Dogfish 60 min IPAs in mine right now no problem
OE	Q	how do i set the regulator pressure when i turn on the tank it shoots up to 50psi and when i turn the adjustment knob it wont drop
YN	Q	Are these non ducted filters attached to the aluminum mesh filter if so how?
OE	Q	how long does these filter last
OE	Q	do these non ducted filters have the white indicator strip on them and are they a made by broan?
-	A	Yes they have the indicator strip and Im pretty sure they are made by Broan
YN	Q	Does the indicator strip to become colored all the way along when its time to change?
OE	Q	serial number 010621222009 would this fit the vent ?
OE	Q	How often do you change the filters?
YN	Q	Do these filters come with the clips to hold them in place?
OE	Q	my gas stove has 3  2 12 burners and 1 3 12 burner will these fit my stove?
YN	Q	will this fit jenn air gas stove to replace rectangle drip pan?
OE	Q	Is this a drip pan liner that sits on top of original drip pan or a replacement for the drip pan?
OE	Q	is this a vertical or horizontal discharge
YN	Q	Is this a good replacement hood for a Ventline range hood?
OE	Q	Its 42 inches wide but what is the depth of the hood?
-	A	It is 42 inches wide 6 inches tall and about 17 34 inches from front to back
-	A	Those measurements are pretty close
YN	Q	If we dont have duct can we use this one?
OE	Q	Why is it listed as 42 wide but product details say 45?
-	A	I believe sotheyre a pretty standard size
YN	Q	Will these fit my older model Frigidaire Electric Stove?
-	A	It has 2 large and 2 small it is like its pictured
OE	Q	How does this differ from Range Kleen 119204X GE Drip Pans?
YN	Q	will these fit my jenn air model c202 cooktop?
-	A	they are standard size and should fit all models i was worried about it also
OE	Q	I have a Roper drop in unit that is from around 1970  will these fit?
-	A	the sizes all all pretty much standard
-	A	If it has the standard size pans then yes
YN	Q	Does this fit the GE JBP24B0H1WH?
OE	Q	Could you please tell me if these will fit an older GE model RB536DP1WW  thanks
YN	Q	will they fit an old amana range?
YN	Q	will they fit an old amana range?
YN	Q	does any one know if these fit kenmore
-	A	I think they willyou can measure them to make sure
YN	Q	Does the propane conversion kit come with it?
YN	Q	does the unit have a meat probe?
-	A	The door is dark but I just press the lightbulb symbol on top to see in without opening the door
YN	Q	can it vent down through the floor?
-	A	I want to know if this is a self cleaning oven
-	A	It will work out of the Box for the Kenmore refrigerator that uses the 9915 filter
YN	Q	Which water filter cap replacement white color should I use for this filter?
YN	Q	Is this unit actually manufactured by PUR for Whirlpool?
YN	Q	Is this filter compatible with a Kenmore model 10674262400 refrigerator?
-	A	Im not sureit fit my Kenmore model 10674259 perfectly
YN	Q	does this come in the retail packaging?
YN	Q	Does it fit Whirlpool WRX735SDBM00?
-	A	Yes you can use this filter they Just happen to be on sale at the time  free shipping they are interchangeable
-	A	I am not totally sure and I did not make the claim but I believe that cysts are relatively large and would be caught in the filter
OE	Q	What is the difference between filter 4396710 and 4396710P?
OE	Q	Kenmore refridgerator Does anyone know if this model works with the Kenmore refrigerators
-	A	Yes it canMy Sears Kenmore uses filter part 9030 also
YN	Q	is this the same as Kennmore 9930
YN	Q	Can this work on a Whirlpool refrigerator with the bottom push botton where the current filter is part  4396841?
OE	Q	What power cord do I need to buy for this range hood
OE	Q	Is the 30 one exactly 30 or slightly less?
OE	Q	What do I need to buy in addition to this range hood to get it to work?
-	A	If I recall correctly you shouldnt need anything else  maybe some electrical tape to hook it up to the existing wires
YN	Q	Does it come with a grease filter and the 35 x 10 connector for duct?
OE	Q	Why do you have 599 shipping and when i get to check out its over 1200 dollars I will buy from someone else because thats not right
OE	Q	How thick and wide is the outside border?
OE	Q	Would it be better if you made these first and let them dry so you can tap them in place in the sand to make them level
OE	Q	how many square feet does the form cover?
-	A	No the stones would shift under the weight
YN	Q	Is it recommended to put gravel down before setting the pavers?
OE	Q	Can you tell me the size of the louvers inside Im looking for ones that are 512 inches to replace the ones I have and I would buy the whole piece
YN	Q	can I use this for a kitchen range hood vent?
-	A	I do not believe this item can be used near direct heat
-	A	No this cannot be installed over the old one
-	A	The outside dimensions I measure are 8 34 by 8 34 Hope this help You
YN	Q	Will this kit fit my Kenmore Elite fridge and freezer pair?
OE	Q	How much height does the trim kit add?
YN	Q	DOes this kit include the leveling system?
-	A	Its for both which units do u have
YN	Q	Can you manually fill this machine with an extendable shower head?
OE	Q	WHERE CAN I PURCHASE REPLACEMENT PARTS
OE	Q	my danby washing machine goes through all cycles except spinning?
OE	Q	Actual size of ice produced not vague small medium large?
YN	Q	Does the small setting make the soft ice like you get at Sonic?
YN	Q	do it use a lot of electricity if left on all the time
-	A	No only because I never leave small appliances pluged in and on not even the coffee pot
YN	Q	can i attatch a water line to the unit for automatic water refill?
OE	Q	does it have a basket or bin for emptying extra ice into freezer?
-	A	Its not chewable however not as solid as if from a freezer
OE	Q	How much ice does the bin hold?
OE	Q	how well insulated is storage bucket
OE	Q	What is the water source for the ice?
OE	Q	Capacity My question is how much ice can the unit hold before you need to empty it?
-	A	ROUGHLY 12 GALLON SEVERAL CYCLES WORTH
YN	Q	Does it produce the clear ice as advertised?
YN	Q	Will this fuse work with the Kenmore Elite H3 electric dryer model 11082822102?
-	A	It should since it matches the part number here I searched your model httpwwwrepaircliniccomKenmoreDryerModel11082822102ID596836Parts Good luck
OE	Q	I have an old lady kenmore 11078890800 they have discontinued the part is there a compatible fuse I can use or am i out of luck
OE	Q	Does it have a positive side and negative or does it not matter ?
YN	Q	Will this work for a Kenmore Elite Dryer Model number 1108787?
-	A	Its all about the part  that is on the thermocouple if its a match then yes cause Kenmore and whirlpool are made at same place just different name
YN	Q	will this part work with Kenmore model gas dryer 11074622300?
YN	Q	Will this work for a kenmore gas dryer model  11097572601
-	A	Yes it work for myself it should work for u as well
OE	Q	What temperature does it turn off at?
YN	Q	will these range replacement knobs fit a tappan electric stove ?
-	A	They are to make the knobs fitbut the knobs kept falling off even with those
OE	Q	Do you have to hold down the IS button or does it stay on after you press it one time?
YN	Q	do you have replacement knobs for hotpoint stove?
YN	Q	Can the knob be oriented with off at 9 oclock rather than 12 oclock position?
-	A	Dont know for sure but they come with adapters that I used
YN	Q	will this fit Thermador OEM Bosch older cooktop?
YN	Q	will knobs fit kenmore36275275692
-	A	I think they will fit any electric stoveit comes with various size fittings for the stem
YN	Q	will these range replacement knobs fit a tappan electric stove ?
-	A	They are to make the knobs fitbut the knobs kept falling off even with those
OE	Q	Do you have to hold down the IS button or does it stay on after you press it one time?
YN	Q	do you have replacement knobs for hotpoint stove?
YN	Q	Can the knob be oriented with off at 9 oclock rather than 12 oclock position?
-	A	Dont know for sure but they come with adapters that I used
YN	Q	will this fit Thermador OEM Bosch older cooktop?
YN	Q	will knobs fit kenmore36275275692
-	A	I think they will fit any electric stoveit comes with various size fittings for the stem
YN	Q	Does this humidifier have auto shut off when the water tank is empty?
YN	Q	Does it soak the surface you place it on?
OE	Q	how often do you change the filter?
YN	Q	we cant stand any lights in our bedroom at nightdoes this have any lights on it that cant be turned off?
OE	Q	Curious if everyone is using distilled water?
OE	Q	how to clean SPTSU4010 Humidifer?
YN	Q	the electronic panel is going out should I fix it?
OE	Q	Seems like I can smell rubber burning or getting hot?
YN	Q	Is this stackable with the lgdlg2526w
OE	Q	filter shows hexagon shape will it fit the round one that is in my humidifier?
OE	Q	howshen do you need new filter ?
OE	Q	i need the part that fits on top where the mist come out where and who may have this part?
-	A	You can get this directly from the Supentown website httpwwwsunpentowncompaacforhuhtml SU4010 nozzle part 20019
OE	Q	How long does the filter last if used with distilled water?
YN	Q	Will this work in a surround air 2500 humidifier?
OE	Q	i need the part that fits on top where the mist come out where and who may have this part?
-	A	I got mine from Sunpentown International and the Model  was F4010 for my SU4010 unit
-	A	Yes it will work for your cassette tape deck
-	A	Japanese standard is different from US standard and it works with Japanese appliance
OE	Q	hi can I remove that screw in the middle because I have Power adapters that might touch that
-	A	You cannot remove the screw because it is holding the grounding metal strip
OE	Q	Whats the spec of replacemet fuse?
YN	Q	can this be used on plaster walls
OE	Q	How long is the actual pointyhook part that gets pushed into the wall?
OE	Q	what happens if you need to remove it?
OE	Q	What do you use on the item to be hung?
OE	Q	Can these be used on a solide wall or only dry wall?
YN	Q	Can it be installed in the drywall encasing sliding doors?
OE	Q	my washer is 275 wide and 27 deep will my washer fit
YN	Q	Does one install this by lifting the front end of the washer sliding the pan under and then lifting the back of the washer to finish the job?
YN	Q	Would this pan with washing machine on top slide over carpet easily?
OE	Q	what are the inside Dimensions and Outside Dimensions
-	A	I just checked it is 2 inches and it is 29x31
OE	Q	what is the opening middle section diameter of this drip pan?
OE	Q	How does this unit perform when it comes to pan frying food and smoke caused from that?
-	A	I would try resetting the unit by unplugging or turning the circuit breaker for the unit off and then back on
YN	Q	Can the bulbs we swapped out at home for LED bulbs?
OE	Q	Suddenly the light and the fan does not turn on I have checked power in the circuit is Ok Any suggestion?
OE	Q	I would like to buy replacement baffle filter for CavaliereEuro SV218D 30 Stainless Steel Wall Mount Range Hood what is the price w shipping?
OE	Q	replacement filters for cavaliere 30 curved glass hood
OE	Q	How much is optional extension for 10 ft ceilings?
YN	Q	Does this hood have LED lights?
-	A	It has lights not sure if its led it works pretty well the buttons in the front are a bit hard to press but not a functional problem
OE	Q	In purchasing the optional Stainless Steel Baffle Filters Cavaliere DIM how many are needed for SV218DI36?
OE	Q	is the curved part stainless or glass
OE	Q	what else do I need to buy to install this product?
OE	Q	Im looking for crystal clear ice cubes does this filter do that?
-	A	Not sure I use this on my sink for drinking water and it removes the foul taste in the water soy guess would be it would give you clear ice
OE	Q	Do I need separate filters for my kitchen sink water and my ice maker line or will one filter both?
YN	Q	Does this kit include all parts that are in the USEZ4 kit minus the faucet?
OE	Q	Is it AC powered or can it connected to 1224 volt battery or both?
YN	Q	Is this the same unit only rebranded as the NewAir Al unit?
OE	Q	how large is the ice storage compartment?
YN	Q	Can this unit be connected to a water line like a refrigerator ice maker?
OE	Q	do i have to mix the gradian first then put in the machine or just direct put the gredian?
-	A	Yes it comes with a washable filter
OE	Q	Is this ducted or non ducted installation?
-	A	In the back it is 7in and sloops down to 3 12 inches in the front
OE	Q	What size is the output duct requirement?
OE	Q	What is meant by silver  is it shiny or will it match pretty well to stainless steel appliances?
-	A	I think it matches well with stainless steal
OE	Q	What light bulb does Broan 390 require?
-	A	small appliance bulb available anywhere
OE	Q	At what temp is the excessive heat that the fan will start by itself?
-	A	I dont believe that it has a thermostat to automatically start it
OE	Q	I m just in need of the blower motor for my pm 390hs range hood do u just selll the blower motor ?
YN	Q	How much of an energy load watts or amps does this range hood put on an electrical circuit
-	A	Based on Broans website its rated at 29 amps
YN	Q	Can this mount in the ceiling soffit above a range?
OE	Q	is it ventless or does it need to be vented
-	A	yes fully functional and running as we speak
OE	Q	Dos it include power cord or must that be purchased seperatly?
YN	Q	is everything needed for operation included with this unit?
OE	Q	Does this seem quieter louder or about the same as other range hoods you have used?
-	A	It is so easy to turn off or on I do it with my eyes closed
-	A	It does come with the reusable filters if you are going to vent it but not with the charcoal filters if used not vented
YN	Q	Installed range hood on Dec 27 on Jan 5 it blowed one of the lights do you have any ideas why?
-	A	It can be vented out the back or thru the front
YN	Q	Does this model have the damper included for the seven inch duct
YN	Q	Can an extended warranty be purchased for this product?
-	A	i bought th white and it fits perfectly
OE	Q	how often do you have to change the filter in the HCM350 Honeywell Cool Mist Humidifier
OE	Q	Which Filter is to be used in Honeywell HCM350
OE	Q	Honeywell is a US company right?
OE	Q	Anyone know if this will fit in a Vicks Starry Night Cool mist humidifier?
YN	Q	Is this compatible with the Honeywell Easy to Care Cool Mist Humidifier HCM710?
-	A	according to the box yes this filter will work with the HCM710 series
OE	Q	What are some compatible filters in this size?
-	A	according to honeywell homedepot Fits Honeywell models HCM1000 HCM2000 and HCM300 500 and 600 series
OE	Q	What filter fits the model HCM710?
YN	Q	Will this fit Honeywell 6011i inside dia8in outside 19 in 7and half tall
-	A	Cant answer that but I have mine on the patio for 4 months nowworking fine
OE	Q	What is the Energy Star Annual Kilowatt rating for this unit?
OE	Q	Can u use this fridge in a RV or travel trailer?
-	A	As long as you anchored it so that it didnt slide around when travelling I dont see why you couldnt put it in an RV
OE	Q	How long has it lasted so far for your use?
YN	Q	Could someone give me the dimensions?
YN	Q	are these drip pans dishwasher safe?
OE	Q	does it fit left or right side interchangeably?
YN	Q	Will it fit a Kenmore stove model79071344700 ?
YN	Q	will it fit general electric jgb630defww 30 free standing gas range?
OE	Q	I have a Whirlpool gas stove Model XFG361LVT first letter might be a W does anyone know if these will fit?
OE	Q	what is the internal diameter of the opening?
OE	Q	Accuracy is  what for temperature on this device?
-	A	1 degree very close rh 20 or more off low
OE	Q	I am putting exotic wood down and I would like to measure not only the moisture content of the air but the wood itself?
YN	Q	Does this model display wet bulb temperature?
OE	Q	What if I put it at 0 or 97 relative humidity will it break the hygrometer or is it just notmeasurable?
YN	Q	Is this accurate for reading body temperature of people?
YN	Q	Can this measure differences between points less than 6 inches apart?
-	A	As long as there is a measurable variation at each of the points  yes its dynamic and changes the instant a variation occurs
YN	Q	Does this display temperature in degrees celsius?
YN	Q	does this dispense the water without it being plugged in
OE	Q	Does the electricity have an American Plug or a Europe Plug?
YN	Q	Can you fit a standard sized coffee pot under the spigot?
OE	Q	why does water not hot both hot and warm line are on?
-	A	If the switch is on I dont know what else it could be
OE	Q	How cold does it keep the water?
YN	Q	Does anyone else think its noisyloud?
YN	Q	Can I change the light so that it is brighter inside the refrigerator it is depressing
YN	Q	Does a plastic gallon jug of milk fit in door compartment?
YN	Q	Can I get this model  Summit  FFBF285SS to open the door left or right?
OE	Q	what are the exterior measurements height width depth?
-	A	Grey paint but I never really noticed
-	A	I am not though Ive only had mine 34 months
OE	Q	Is the door real stainless steel or stainless steel look?
-	A	The door is stainless steel the sides steel look
OE	Q	Is the 24 inch dimension the width or the depth?
OE	Q	whirlpool thin twin LTE5243DQ washer drain is not working
-	A	It says it is brand new in factory box so I would assume it is made recently
-	A	No it is not ventless but it is electric
-	A	Washer is 110 dryer is 220 they are not wired together
YN	Q	Hi is this a replacement for GE MWF filters?
YN	Q	Does this filter work with RSG257AARS Samsung Refrigerator
YN	Q	Is DA2900003F the same as DA2900003G?
-	A	they work just as good as the big box store ones do but not at the box store price
OE	Q	I need to replace my water filter for my samsung RF26XAERS side by side fridgewill this work?
-	A	According to the labeling it is made for Samsung by the 3M Corporation in Mexico
YN	Q	Does it come sealed in plastic from factory like the one from purchased from Samsung does?
YN	Q	Is this model compatible with samsung RSG257AARS?
-	A	Thats my model too and it works great
OE	Q	Is this thermostat an autoheatcool or just heatcool?
YN	Q	Will it work with a electric baseboard heat in one bedroom?
YN	Q	Will this thermostat work if you only have central electric heat and a central AC as in a mobile home
YN	Q	can this control my whole home humidifier as well?
-	A	I dont believe so but Im not CERTAIN as I dont have a whole home humidifier
YN	Q	Can I use this for 2 heat 1 cool?
OE	Q	Does this mounting mechanism accept 14 females for input and output or does it use copper tubing?
YN	Q	How long on average do the filters last?
OE	Q	What is the difference between the Culligan IC1 EZ filter and the RZ1 EZ filter?
YN	Q	Does it have its own shutoff for replacing the filter?
-	A	No shutoff but usually its hooked up after faucets shutoff so no big deal
YN	Q	Does this filter connect to this faucet httpamznto1GiSrMi with this kit httpamznto1ySuhFM?
YN	Q	I have a culligan IC102 filter on fridge will this replace that filter?
OE	Q	Im looking for crystal clear ice cubes does this filter do that?
OE	Q	is this product made by watts or anderson barrows in the usa or made in china
OE	Q	How long have you had your hoses and have you experienced any leaks or leaking fittings?
OE	Q	What is the length of the hose?
OE	Q	Do you get a pair or just one hose for 1288?
YN	Q	Does the hose have an inlet screen?
YN	Q	does this hose have a plastic hose in the center?
-	A	Rubber on the inside with the braided outside for strength
-	A	Mine is black with gold letters
-	A	Dont know why the picture shows white but it only comes in black
YN	Q	Does it come with a LP conversion kit?
-	A	yes it has the LP jets at least mine did
OE	Q	Do you have any issue with the grates sliding around andor do you see issues with the glass getting scratched up over time?
OE	Q	The depth of my cabinets is 12 inches will this hood fit?
-	A	i currently have an led bulb in mine
YN	Q	Do you need to buy a power cord?
OE	Q	What all is included in the hood for 7533?
YN	Q	does this have dishwasher safe filters?
OE	Q	Is it necessary to have a power cord or is this hood typically hard wired?
YN	Q	Can this ducted hood be wall mounted without a cabinet over it?
-	A	no it anchors to the cabinet at the top
OE	Q	what is the diameter of the duct per your picture ?
OE	Q	What re the countertop cutout dimensions?
OE	Q	Can anyone tell me what the surface dimensions are 30 by what?
-	A	We have not noticed this happening
OE	Q	With the controls can you turn them without pushing down?
OE	Q	what if the controls are not aligned
OE	Q	what are the drop in measurements
-	A	great question L after the 24 means left hinge exactly as the picture shows
OE	Q	Is the lower portion SOLELY for wine or could it also store cans bottles etc?
YN	Q	does this kit work for maytag model mhwz400tq00?
YN	Q	Does this stacking kit work for Whirlpool Dryer GGW9250SU ?
OE	Q	Lost owners manual  does it fit GHW9150PW2 duet model?
YN	Q	Will this work to connect a WGD9200SQ0 to a WFW9150WW00 washer?
YN	Q	Does it work for Whirlpool Duet HT  washerdryer from 2005?
YN	Q	Does the old stack kit fit on the new washer and old dryer?
-	A	If they are both front loaders then I would assume they will work but I am not certain
YN	Q	will it fit my whirlpool WF9050XW00?
YN	Q	Does this fridge hold temperature well 40 degrees?
YN	Q	Can the automatic defrost cycle be turned off?
OE	Q	How high with the temperature rise during the defrost cycle?
OE	Q	Kenmore refridgerator Does anyone know if this model works with the Kenmore refrigerators
-	A	The P stands for pair and the T stands for triple pack
-	A	is whirlpool 4396841 the same as REPLFLTR20
OE	Q	Our model number is ed5fhghkq02 Will this filter fit?
OE	Q	What is the difference between the 4396841 T and the 4396841 P?
YN	Q	is this filter compatable with Kenmore 469010?
YN	Q	is this filter replacement for pur cartidge not2rfwg2
YN	Q	will this filter fit Thermador refrigerator model KBUIT4860A02
YN	Q	Is this a generic water filter and not a true Whirlppol brand?
-	A	This is a genuine Whirlpool Filter Part 4396510P
OE	Q	Will this replace a cartridge part L500 or 4392857?
-	A	According to Whirlpool 4392857 and 4396510P are interchangeable
OE	Q	Lint filter Does anyone knows where I can purchase the black filter behind the white filter and filter cover?
OE	Q	Electric bill Did you notice a huge electric bill jump when using your portable dryer?
-	A	I personally have not had this issue but sounds like drum belt is loose or broken
-	A	Not sure what the question is but I would not suggest putting a rug in there unless it is a small bath mat
YN	Q	are there 4 filters per order for 641
YN	Q	Will these work for Kenmore 75815420011 humidifier requires Kenmore 3214911 filters
YN	Q	Will this work with sears 758 144521
YN	Q	Will this work with sears 758 144521
-	A	yes these should work just fine
YN	Q	Do these filters fit a Kenmore model 758144160?
YN	Q	will these filters fit IDYLIS MOdel IHUM10140?
YN	Q	Is a wick type humidifier soppose to set in the water?
YN	Q	i have a broan range hood model 41000L i need the replacement filter  97007696 is this it
YN	Q	Will this fit the Broan CJD1 Series nonducted range hood?
OE	Q	I just bought a Broan 97007696 filter and dont know which side should face the stove dark side?
-	A	Well I am not positive but I put the shiny side toward the stove
YN	Q	will these filters fit on GE stoves?
YN	Q	Will your Broan filter S97007696 fit in a Nautilus hood?
YN	Q	Has anyone used this filter for the Broan F40000 series
YN	Q	will these filters fit on kenmore model 5271 range hood?
YN	Q	Can this be used in other brand humidifiers?
-	A	It is only for the Venta humidifier
OE	Q	why did my humidifier stop emitting vapor?
YN	Q	Is an airwasher the same as a dehumidifier?
OE	Q	my filter  is 9999 the shown filter fits mine?
OE	Q	my filter is a 499006 will this mine?
YN	Q	Is this the filter for Kenmore part number 569AF12538AEB
OE	Q	my filter number is 9930 will this fit mine?
-	A	No this will not fit It is a completely different filter
YN	Q	will this fit Kenmore 59652673200
-	A	the I have is only for model 469006750
-	A	This is not the same filter as 9020 they will not fit the same refrigerator
YN	Q	do you still get floride in your water
YN	Q	will this filter fit model kenmore 59673503201?
YN	Q	Will it fit kenmore Elite fridge model 40141003011?
YN	Q	Would this fit model 10651102110?
-	A	We have the ksb5wh3 and it fits properly on this model
YN	Q	Is the Genuine OEM FSP Whirlpool Kitchen Aid Blender Rubber Seal part number 9704204 suitable for Kitchenaid blender KSB560CU1?
YN	Q	Will this fit Kitchenaid Blender model KSB580NK0?
YN	Q	Will this seal fit a kitchenaid blender model KSB540ER0
OE	Q	what is the inside and outside diameter of this item?
-	A	I dont have a micrometer but using a common tape measure the ring is 38 with an outside diameter of 325
YN	Q	will this fit a kitchen aid model KSB560080
OE	Q	Do you know if it fits 5 speed Kitchen Aid ksb5bu model?
YN	Q	Will this sensor work with weather stationBAR208HGA ?
YN	Q	Does it come with calibration certificate?
YN	Q	does this work with older 12 years Oregon Scientific radio controllers
YN	Q	Is this compatible with model  BAR888A?
OE	Q	what is the procedure for batteries?
OE	Q	resetting the Oregon Scientific thermo sensor  Can anyone help?
YN	Q	will this sensor work with bar938hga
-	A	Yes it works great I have it in my detached garage attic it is about 90feet from the base station
OE	Q	One of my bulbs went out and I am having a hard time removing itshould it just pull out or does it screw in?
YN	Q	can you easily replace halogen bulbs with more efficient bulbs without modifying hood
YN	Q	Will this hood QS330ss fit an existing 3x11 retanguler duct
OE	Q	hi if i order this model and ship to canada is the warrenty valid in canada
OE	Q	Why do I hear a clicking sound?
OE	Q	Why the picture looks different from Zephyr website for ak2100a?
-	A	Its a excellent range hood its not hard to install if they know what theyre doing
OE	Q	What is the weight of this rang hood?
OE	Q	How is the noises level of this range hood?
-	A	On high this fan is moderately loud my kids have to turn up the kitchen tv but it works amazingly well
YN	Q	will these range replacement knobs fit a tappan electric stove ?
-	A	They are to make the knobs fitbut the knobs kept falling off even with those
OE	Q	Do you have to hold down the IS button or does it stay on after you press it one time?
YN	Q	do you have replacement knobs for hotpoint stove?
YN	Q	Can the knob be oriented with off at 9 oclock rather than 12 oclock position?
-	A	Dont know for sure but they come with adapters that I used
YN	Q	will this fit Thermador OEM Bosch older cooktop?
YN	Q	will knobs fit kenmore36275275692
-	A	I think they will fit any electric stoveit comes with various size fittings for the stem
OE	Q	What are the fiting sizes on this?
YN	Q	does this RVF rv water filter come with a filter ?
-	A	Answer hereYou can buy replacements even at Walmart
YN	Q	are their connection replacement male amp female for culligan rvf10 water hose connections?
YN	Q	Will this housing hold the d 20 cartridge ?
OE	Q	HOw much does it reduce the water flow RV already has problems with pressure after you put limiter on inlet
YN	Q	could i use this product to avoid water spots when rinsing my car?
OE	Q	Could you tell me if the inlet and outlets are 38?
OE	Q	How much of the bottom of the door itself is covered on the side without the screws?
-	A	Nonejust the weatherstrippingbut its below the door
OE	Q	What is the locationspacing of the screw holes?
YN	Q	Is this unit including a keg as pictured ?
OE	Q	Can you put the CO2 tank inside the kegerator or does it have to be mounted on the back?
OE	Q	using the biggest keg this dispenser can hold how long will it take to empty using 12 12 oz servings a day
YN	Q	does the unit have an energy guide sticker that estimates energy use for one year like refrigerators do?
YN	Q	will this strap block the TV from tilting backward too?
-	A	No it only helps with tilting forward
YN	Q	Will these straps also prevent the tv from falling backwards into the wall?
YN	Q	Will the adhesive work with a brick wall?
YN	Q	Is this strong enough to keep a tv from falling over if the tv stand it is on is being rockedshaken by a energetic toddler?
YN	Q	Can the straps be attached to WALL with adhesive rather than screwed in?
-	A	Yes but its better to screw it in for a stronger grip in my opinion
YN	Q	Can these safety straps be screwed into the wall rather than the TV stand?
OE	Q	Can the controls be read by someone who wears glasses or are they too small?
-	A	Same installation as the old one and does not have to be GE installing it
YN	Q	Does the stainless steel trim get scratched by the cookware vs a model without the trim?
OE	Q	What are the interior dimensions?
-	A	about 15 x 23 x 28 at the deepest end about 24 at shallow end  over motor
OE	Q	How many maximum amps does this draw when the compressor is on
-	A	I live in north carolina and have it in my garage and it is fine
YN	Q	is this freezer self defrosting
-	A	Sadly no but I have it and it works perfect
OE	Q	Where was this GE product manufactured?
YN	Q	Does the compartment on the rear that the cord comes out of have a cover?
-	A	depth incl hinge is 225 Width across the front is 285 Height not including legs used for adjusting is 33
OE	Q	Hello Is this product plug in or does it need to be hardwired?
YN	Q	Do these cooktops require 220 outlet?
OE	Q	Can an electrician install this or do you have to call GE?
YN	Q	I need to get the candy mix up to a 310 degrees F Will the new induction cooktop make things that hot?
OE	Q	What kind of pots and pans are suitable for induction cooking?
YN	Q	Can I put the GE Profile convection single wall oven below this cooktop?
-	A	I just tried it and there is not enough room for 2 10in skillets on the rear burners probably 2 pans will fit
-	A	I would contact Ge to make sure that you get the best answer
OE	Q	It doesnt specify how many inches wide are the burners do you know?
OE	Q	Cleaning this product  besides the Cerabrite  can a glass cleaner be used to removed grease stains
-	A	Well we have a stove under it and the stove is not 12 down
OE	Q	I want to know the imput V 110 or 220V?
-	A	1 year full warranty and it is nationwide
YN	Q	Does the unit appear to cycle on and off at lower settings?
YN	Q	Is my current 34 12 x 20 14 cut out too large to fit this unit?
YN	Q	Can you use revere ware on induction cook tops?
OE	Q	what are the dimensions of this unit?
YN	Q	Does this come with hanging basket inside?
OE	Q	How wide is the large section of the interior floor  not counting the step up part that hides the compressor
YN	Q	Does it auto start after power outage
OE	Q	What is the outlet requirement?
OE	Q	my jennair cartridge is a conventional coil model A100 will this fit?
OE	Q	I have a Jen air stove I want to replace the burners with cartridges my model number is JES9750AAB canister use these
YN	Q	Will this fit a model C236B Jenn Air?
YN	Q	Will this work on jenn air s100
YN	Q	Will this coil cartridge fit my JennAir Range JES9860AAB?
-	A	I believe they can my sister has a flat top and when she cans she puts in the ciol cartridge
YN	Q	Will this cartridge work in a JennAir Model SVE47500W?
-	A	this one works for me but i could not found the model type from my JennAir
YN	Q	Is this cartridge a replacement for JennAir AC 110 B cartridge?
YN	Q	Will this fit Model JED8230ADB?
YN	Q	Will this work with the JED8130 cooktop to replace the grill?
OE	Q	Stopped washing cant open door?
OE	Q	how old is an amana 7200 dryer?
OE	Q	How to replace the door to machine?
OE	Q	What do I do to clean the hose filter screens
YN	Q	Is this product for a Ceran top?
OE	Q	How many cleaning pads are in this kit?
YN	Q	This kit is supposed to have a scrapper did it come with one?
-	A	Yes my kit included cooktop cleaner cooktop protectant protectant applicator cleaning pads and a cooktop scraper
-	A	do not know ingredientsMy opinion is the product has no strong smell and does one heck of a job
-	A	I swore by this for my grey tops I had 3 times before and have found it the very best out there for the new blacktop I have
YN	Q	Does this Garbage Disposal have GrindShear Ringreg The ideal solution for stringy foods like cornhusks and celery is the GrindShear ringreg
YN	Q	Is Model KCDB250G a direct replacement for Model KCDC250K2?
OE	Q	how many models are there for kcdb250g
YN	Q	Does it come with a power cord?
-	A	The product description says it weighs 13 pounds
YN	Q	Does this disposer come with a stainless steel mount?
OE	Q	Once the door is opened and the chime soundsdoes the chime automatically stop when the door is closed or do you have to manually shut it off ?
OE	Q	What kind of batteries does this device use?
YN	Q	does the control module offer volume control?
-	A	Yes it will do that as long as the unit is not too far away from the base unit
YN	Q	Is there a module that detects a power outage that can be monitored from wireless control center?
-	A	The cord that plugs into the wall
OE	Q	What are the dimensions of the disposer For example the dimension from the top down to the discharge pipe?
YN	Q	I currently have the GC2000PE3 which has a plugin will I be able to transer the plug to this unit?
YN	Q	Does it have a dishwasher hookup
YN	Q	Can I use this model as a replacement for 13 hp model GC100XE2?
OE	Q	So the power cord from an older corded model can be attached to this model?
OE	Q	Does the disposal need a power cord or is it directwired installation design
YN	Q	Do I need to allow 45 inches for this hood?
-	A	This hood will except a 6 duct has A adaptor ring included with the hood
OE	Q	what recommended height should the hood be install above stove?
OE	Q	Can this be used as is for nonducted or does it require the conversion kit?
YN	Q	do I need to buy nonducted filters for this?
YN	Q	can i just plug it into the wall
YN	Q	can i just plug it into the wall
-	A	The hood I installed is a 30 inch hood so not sure of the size you are looking at
-	A	It looks like an enamel coating
OE	Q	Are the dimensions similar and can this model be mounted under counter as the Spacemaker II series?
-	A	No but the whole microwave lasted led than 4 years before needing replacement
YN	Q	Will this replace a ZEM200SY 002 I currently own that is not working IN the space I currently have?
OE	Q	what is the height and width exterior?
-	A	24 inches wide by 10 inches high
YN	Q	does this include the ice bin as well?
YN	Q	Will this fit a bottom mount Kenmore refrigerator 596 series?
-	A	Dont know I have a Maytag fridge
YN	Q	is it interchangeable with the maytag 1c11b?
-	A	I believe it is I installed mine into my Maytag Refrigerator
OE	Q	Does anyone happen to know if this ice maker would properly install into an Amana TSI22VW refrigerator?
-	A	The one I recieved had the ice maker and the plasitc tub to catch the ice as well as the rest of the fittings I needed to hook it up
YN	Q	Does this unit need to plug into an outlet?
YN	Q	does this unit have filters that need to be changed?
-	A	Yes but depending on the frequency of use they can last quite a long time
YN	Q	do i use tap water in the machine?
YN	Q	Is it comparable to nugget ice chewable ice machine that you see in hospitals?
-	A	No  it makes regular ice cubes in 3 sizes
OE	Q	My ice maker is making really loud high pitched noise when going through its cycles
OE	Q	Does this unit come with the disposal elbow and the dishwasher connector or do I have to buy those as extras?
OE	Q	what about the dishwasher connection?
-	A	No problemmatched up perfectly with existing fittings
-	A	Unit comes with own power cord to plug in to under sink power source
OE	Q	What does continuous feed mean?
OE	Q	what is battery life of the lr44?
YN	Q	Can this be used in a room you want to be used as a root cellar?
-	A	Yes iteasures humidity very accurately
OE	Q	I am more interested in the temperature measurement
OE	Q	is this electric or battery powered?
OE	Q	What kind of batteries does it use?
-	A	I dont remember the brand of my battery Possibly NL but it is 1 small LR44 0 oo Hg Cell and has lasted me for over a year
YN	Q	Is this unit self contained ie no external sensor wires?
-	A	It is self contained but   approximately 6 degrees off
-	A	Comes included but   is like 6 degrees off and no way too adjust it
YN	Q	will this Whirlpool Dishwasher Latch Handle Assembly fit my amana model ADB1500AWW
YN	Q	Will this work with the amana model adb1500aws?
-	A	The only way to know for sure is to look at the product and see what models this latch is compatible with our call Amazon customer service
YN	Q	Will this work on my Maytag Dishwasher model MDBH980AWS1
YN	Q	Is W10130695 the correct latch for a Maytag MDBS561AWB1?
YN	Q	Is this the part I need for my Maytag dishwasher model MDB4621AWS0?
YN	Q	Will this latch assembly fit maytag Model MDB6650AWW ?
OE	Q	My first time buying outlets if I get these will I need to know anything about the ones Im replacing or are these sortof universal?
-	A	All the Duplex Recptacles Ive ever seen If you break off the Breakable metal tab between the connector screws you can wire each outlet separately
OE	Q	Is this a 10 pack or single outlet?
YN	Q	Can I replace a two prong outlet with this one?
-	A	Yes watch what color you take wires off usually white screw goes to white wire and bronze screw goes with black wire
-	A	Yes with sturdy shears like kitchen shears or the plastic packageopening clippers
-	A	I think a flexible duct is easier to replace than it would be to clean it
-	A	Yes mine is a 4 inch vent and it fits perfectly
OE	Q	Any chance this will hold up as the arms on a 4 year olds robot halloween costume?
OE	Q	is the pedestal designed to support the stackable washerdryer or only each unit separately unstacked?
YN	Q	Can the oven racks be removed and adjusted for baking large items
YN	Q	Has anyone purchased this oven recently?
OE	Q	How many bottles of wine can it hold?
YN	Q	will this hold champagne bottles?
-	A	Yes we often put prosecco or champagne bottles on the bottom rack and the middle you can lay down whatever you want
-	A	No the height is not adjustable
OE	Q	Could this be used to hold only cans of soda or is the wine rack a permanent feature?
OE	Q	Can I either choose or change which side the door opens from?
-	A	It has some screw like legs that help you gain height if you extend them
YN	Q	Can you pull the shelves out to customize space in the unit for say a gallon of milk?
YN	Q	Is the alarm temperature setting adjustable?
YN	Q	Will they fit a Kenmore washer?
OE	Q	How long have you had your hoses and have you experienced any leaks or leaking fittings?
YN	Q	Can these be used for both hot amp cold?
OE	Q	I need freezer to just keep ice bags in that?
-	A	Why would you just use it for ice bags?
OE	Q	What is the right temperature setting for an upright frost free freezer Frigidaire
YN	Q	can the freezer door be reversed to open the opposite direction?
YN	Q	will this work with a Honeywell TM005X Wireless IndoorOutdoor ThermoHygrometer Old Version
YN	Q	Is this compatible with the Meade  Honeywell TE923W ?
-	A	No but using a kitchen mallet makes excellent crushed ice
-	A	yes we have use this for 2 years nowalmost on all the time love the machine
OE	Q	I need heavy duty for about 50 people which do I need
OE	Q	Does it use tap water or is filtered water necessary?
-	A	I used tap water as well as filtered water I preferred the filtered water because the ice seemed to be more clear
YN	Q	Does this unit make the small nugget icelike you would find at a hospital?
YN	Q	Will this hook up to a water cooler?
-	A	No it will not you need to manually fill lt
-	A	No you must have access to an electrical outlet
OE	Q	What kind of filter does this have in it
-	A	It does not have a filter in it
OE	Q	what kind of warranty does this ice maker come with?
-	A	Noit is not like soft bulletit does not crush easily but as like normal ice cube
OE	Q	How much noise does it make when running?
OE	Q	Is this unit AC only or is it AC or DC
OE	Q	what the difference between waeco and dometic?
YN	Q	will it operate on 110 and 240 volt like the CF 110?
-	A	The Dometic is 23 12 L x 14 W x 18 12 H
OE	Q	How much current does it draw on DC?
YN	Q	our Kenmore dryer is a 110 60712990 will this work?
-	A	Yes it did as long as its the issue also make sure the vent outside is clear with no obstruction
YN	Q	our Kenmore dryer is a 110 60712990 will this work?
YN	Q	will this fit for model 11066902691
-	A	I cant say for absolutely positive but this is a universal kit used for many many different models
OE	Q	I need a thermostat for a kenmore electric dryer model 96575100 do u have this
-	A	Hi  You need part  279816 it is a little different than this one chosen
YN	Q	is this item Whirlpool Part Number 279769 CUTOFFTML work for kenmore dryer model 11064992300
OE	Q	i want to know if the above mentioned part can work in the microwave
YN	Q	do you have thermal fuses for ge microwavepart 1103ksd150lc
YN	Q	Are the shelves spaced wide enough apart that cake layers could be cooked on the rack?
-	A	Yes Ive purchased two sets each at separate times and they came in nice retail boxes which I kept for storing the racks in
YN	Q	Will this hold half sheet commercial pans?
YN	Q	Is the height of the racks adjustable?
OE	Q	will it sit on the floor of the oven or does it need a rack?
YN	Q	can you remove any of the racks?
YN	Q	Will a 15 14 by 10 14 inch cookie sheet fit on all three levels since I have to buy new ones to use this?
OE	Q	What is the bigest size you carry ?
OE	Q	what size is the spacing between the racks?
OE	Q	How do you clean the surface of a bertazzoni x304ggvx oven ?
-	A	Cleaning is easywe use weiman stainless steel wipes and it works well
YN	Q	Is the Dual Fuel the better option?
OE	Q	How do you set oven temperture ?
YN	Q	Does it hold professional sized cookie sheets?
YN	Q	does this plug into a regular outlet?
-	A	Yes the washer does fit a regular outlet and please review the owners manual
YN	Q	does it come with wheels portable?
OE	Q	how do I clear the filter on the front load whirlpool washer?
YN	Q	Is this compatible with a roper rgd4640yq to convert it to LP?
YN	Q	Will this work in a kenmore model  11071402312?
YN	Q	Is this compatible with wgd5600xw
-	A	From what i know as long as its a whirlpool it should work for it
OE	Q	Is this part compatible with Amana NGD4600YQ or whirlpool W10514176A
YN	Q	I want to convert my dryer from lp back to natural gasare the orifices for natural gas?
YN	Q	is this part compatable with matag mgd4200
-	A	The Maytag MGD4200BG0 and MGD4200BW0 use this conversion kit
YN	Q	will this work for a Whirlpool WGD4800BQ0?
-	A	i do not know Please ask the seller
YN	Q	Will this work with Whirlpool WGD70HEBW 1?
YN	Q	Is this compatible with WGD8800YC?
YN	Q	Would 4396096rbc griddle be compatible with my flat top electric stove D41717691?
-	A	Yes I have an electric range it works great
YN	Q	Will this work on an older gas range?
YN	Q	will this fit on the 5 burner whirlpool gas range
-	A	Roughly 19 12 by 10 34 fits perfectly over the two burner
-	A	One would need a male coupler as the houses have female ends
YN	Q	Does it have a 25 Inch Fitting?
OE	Q	what is the size of this product?
YN	Q	If I buy this two pack will I also need a drain hose?
-	A	A washer comes with a drain hose attached but not the hotcold water hoses
YN	Q	Will this fit my WFW86HEBWH Whirlpool washer?
YN	Q	Will this hose work for a steam dryer?
YN	Q	can this be used for refrigerator ice maker
YN	Q	does it automatically stop leak?
-	A	No they are just regular hoses just better quality
YN	Q	will this vent fit an electric 34 Cubit ft whirlpool dryer?
-	A	This will fit any dryer that has a standard 4 diameter vent pipe
YN	Q	Do you just cut this in half with tin snips and slide part of it back over itself and then tape it?
OE	Q	The photo doesnt show the other side  can I slide one of the vent holes to fit a 12 space between holes?
YN	Q	Is the max length of 18 measured from center of duct output to center of duct input or elsewhere?
YN	Q	Will this fit on a Kenmore gas dryer?
-	A	Mine has a button on the back under one of the legs of the stand
OE	Q	What kind of batteries does this take?
-	A	use a paper clip or pen tip and push in the small recessed button on the back by the batteriesit will toggle between F and C
OE	Q	found the fc button on the back under the fold out stand can anyone read and understand those instruction?
-	A	fc is Fahrenheit  Celsius I believe
OE	Q	What is the size of the icemaker?
OE	Q	Not enough characters for me to ask question  Ive cleaned with hot soapy water and used disinfectant  which does work but could I use vinegar
YN	Q	Did anyone have mold problems inside the machine?
YN	Q	does it come with damper for backdraft and bird mesh
-	A	Yea be sure to seal roof from the inside from the gap between the two pipes
OE	Q	What is the dimension of the whole roof cap
-	A	the outside dimensions of model 636 roof vent are 9 14 W X 11 H These are the flange dimensions
OE	Q	What size is the collar the round part that protruces into the attic and connects to flex duct?
OE	Q	i have ice and water under the deli drawer
YN	Q	Could you use this for vegetable cans instead of soda would the veggie cans fit properly?
-	A	it isnt mountedit just sits on the shelf
-	A	Sorryhavent tried any but think they would
-	A	It is listed right under Product Detail 16x56x49 inches
YN	Q	Can you stack two of these on each other?
-	A	Unfortunately its a bit over 16 inches deep
-	A	Three AA in the base unit I forget whats in the remote sensor probably one or two AA
-	A	Check their web site wwwacuritecom They do offer add on units but not sure if for this model
OE	Q	How long on average before you have to change batteries?
OE	Q	Where does it display the days high and low ?
-	A	Press either of two buttons next to CentigradeFahrenhight button on back
-	A	It is 6 inches tall 3 and a half inches wide and 1 and a half inches deep
OE	Q	What is the height of the numbers on the read out?
-	A	Yes both sections will and can attach to a wall
OE	Q	how to repair t1060 food waste disposer
OE	Q	the unit is jammed resetting it doest help how do you remove the object jamming it
YN	Q	Does this model allow for a connection to your dishwasher?
OE	Q	Where can I get a replacement sink plug for the Titan Food Waste Disposer?
-	A	Try this website httpwwwmrscrappycomProductsReplacementPartshtml
OE	Q	Does anyone know WHERE can I find replacement cutters for a Titan T1060 food waste disposer?
YN	Q	will this pump fit my maytag to load model pav2300aww
-	A	I recommend the plastic pump without the metal base
YN	Q	does it fit maytag model MAV7551AWW
YN	Q	Will this fit mvwb400vq0 model number?
YN	Q	Will this pump fit model MHW600XW2?
-	A	I dont see that particular  in their site  but you can contact them Seneca River Trading  at 8885770622
YN	Q	will this fit my amana nav2335aww
YN	Q	I have a 2010 maytag centennial washer w10140921 and need a pumpcan you tellme whichpart Ineed?
-	A	What i did was put my model number in on youtube and it showed the pump i needed and i went from therehope this helps
-	A	It did not work with a Kenmore Elite side by side quarter turn
YN	Q	Does this fit Kenmore cold spot Model  10658029801 refrigerators?
-	A	If it has a quarter turn grille it should fit but just to make sure google it hope this helps you
YN	Q	Will this fit a kitchenaid side by side refrigerator?
-	A	It fits mine but I do not know my model
YN	Q	will this fit the Whirlpool Refrigerator Model Number GC5SHEXNS03
YN	Q	Will this PUR filter fit my topbottom Kenmore Elite that takes Kenmore filter model  9915 from Sears?
-	A	Yea this filter is made in the USA
OE	Q	Is this Part 4396710 or 4396841
YN	Q	DOes this filter work the same as the Kenmore Ultimate II?
OE	Q	Refrigerator water filter for Maytag Refrigerator model MSD2574VEB10
YN	Q	Will this fit in the Whirlpool White Ice SidebySIde referigerator?
-	A	No its not but it worked just as good as the genuine part
YN	Q	is this the same part as for the kenmore oasis themostat
YN	Q	can this be used on inglis led4400vq1 dryer
YN	Q	Can this thermostat be the cause of the timer not advancing ?
OE	Q	How many dead bodies can I store in this thing?
OE	Q	What are the interior dimensions of the freezer?
-	A	Yes there are two wheels on it making it easy to slightly lift and move
-	A	I believe that it may be just 150watts
OE	Q	why is my Danby 700 making so much noise?
YN	Q	can you plug it into a regular outlet
YN	Q	Will this work with model number LDE5910ACW Maytag
YN	Q	Will this work on maytag model sde3606aym
YN	Q	does this element work in maytag model NOSDE2606AYW
-	A	Sorry dont know the resistance measurement
YN	Q	Will this element work on a JennAir model JDE2000W?
-	A	Yes the GXRLQ system can be used as a filter replacementsubstitute for the GXRLQR
OE	Q	My model number is GFE29 HSDASS what is the correct filter?
YN	Q	Will this fit my Matag dryer modle  SDE2606AYW ?
YN	Q	will it fit maytag bravo 300 series dryer?
-	A	Most likely its very close to being a universal piece
YN	Q	Will it fit MDE2706AYW Maytag super size dryer?
OE	Q	Which lint filter would be the one for a Maytag dryer model  SDE3606AVW?
YN	Q	Will this screen work with Dryer Model LDE7334ACE?
YN	Q	Will this fit a maytag sdg515daww?
YN	Q	Will this lint filter fit my Maytag model MED 9800 TQO?
-	A	Looks like your dryer uses a different filter try googling Maytag MED9800TQO lint filters for more info
-	A	I went to the Maytag site to get the correct part number for my machine
YN	Q	Will this fit Maytag model MDG308DAWW?
-	A	I looked it up on a couple of different parts supply websites it looks to be the correct filter for that model
YN	Q	will this fit a Kenmore Elite 11024942301?
OE	Q	I need a pigtail plug in for lid switch my other one melted
OE	Q	ANY REVIEWS ON WHIRLPOOL WTW 4850BW?
-	A	This takes very little time to install and is very easy with a screw driver
YN	Q	Will this fit a Kenmore Elite 11026962502?
YN	Q	will this fit a Whirlpool Model  WTW5500SQ0?
-	A	According to the online parts listing yes it should work
YN	Q	Will this fit the Kenmore Series 90 Washer model 11028922790
-	A	Wish could help but Im not sure what switch is in the series 90
YN	Q	Will this fit JennAir cooktop model 2375 90ERS?
OE	Q	what were the with for the jenair in 1982
-	A	My Jenn Air is 1981 and this one fits
YN	Q	Will these pans fit model JES9860AAW ?
OE	Q	is this one item or two drip pans?
OE	Q	What glue should I use to connect the felt back to the trap?
-	A	We ordered this lint screen and have no problem  good value and it works as well as the one the store wanted about three times as much for
-	A	This one will work as well httpwwwamazoncomWhirlpoolScreenFilterW101209983390721dpB001DHKDOWrefpdsbsla1?ieUTF8refRID02554ZYWTXMV4V9H0R6P
YN	Q	Will this filter work for Whirpool duo dryer WGD9450WU?
-	A	I dont know as I dont have that model
YN	Q	does this fit a maytag 3000 series dryer?
-	A	I would think it would work but I am not sure sorry
YN	Q	does it fit Whirlpool dryer WED9400SW
YN	Q	Will it fit Whirlpool Dryer WED9500TW2?
OE	Q	i have an older modle whorlpool dryer mn ler5636pqo will this part fit?
-	A	my research indicates this will work
OE	Q	Ive a older model LER5636JQO will this part work?
YN	Q	Will this item work for my Kenmore dryer model 11066652501?
-	A	i just googled and it said yesit is very easy to install
YN	Q	Will this work with a Kenmore model 11068322700 ?
-	A	Yes 3403585 is the correct heater you need for your model
YN	Q	Will this part fit my whirlpool dryer model WED5850SW0?
-	A	Yes this will work on your model
YN	Q	will this fit my whirlpool dryer model ler4634eq0?
YN	Q	will this work for a whirlpool dyrer model ler4634eq0?
-	A	Yes this will work on your model
YN	Q	Is this one work with Whirlpool GY396LXGQ5
YN	Q	Is this one work with Maytag MER5751BAW?
-	A	Yes is the same factory as Kitchen Aid
YN	Q	Is this one work with model RCC3024
YN	Q	is this ok for whirlpool model RF366PXGN 1 right rear burner
OE	Q	What is the size of the refrigerator shelves?
OE	Q	I bought this and plugged it in 48 hours ago but its still not cooling anything any suggestions on what to do?
YN	Q	The pictures show an icemaker is that included?
YN	Q	Can the freezer and refrigerator sections be swapped so the smaller top section can be used as a refrigerator and the larger lower section a freezer?
YN	Q	will these fit our kenmore pro range duel fuel Model 79079623700
YN	Q	Are they the push in and turn type knobs for the stove top?
-	A	As it states in the description Includes 4 Surface Knobs Includes 3 Selector Knobs Includes 2 Oven Thermostat Knobs
YN	Q	Does this knob fit model RF363PXPT0?
YN	Q	will these knobs fit model RF360bxyw1
-	A	I just push the one button that read clean and it locks the door and goes into the cleaning process and when done the door will unlock hope this help
OE	Q	What can be done if one of the bakeing elements end break off in the stove
YN	Q	Does this baking element fit the oven model REG74HB2?
-	A	my husband still hasnt put it in after me asking him over and over
OE	Q	WHERE CAN I FIND THE MODEL NUMBER
YN	Q	Is this the correct element for the ES300 oven?
YN	Q	Does this element fit WEF350SADC?
YN	Q	Does this part fit model number FEF364DSE?
YN	Q	will lint screen filter 339392 fit lint screen lg5651xmwor a whirlpool dryer
-	A	It fit mine the screen is the same but the handle isnt as long do it sits further in but works great
YN	Q	Will this filter fit my Roper Model  REX3514PQO Serial  MR5151287 ?
YN	Q	Will this work on my Whirlpool LER4634EQ1?
YN	Q	Does it come with the handel to remove it?
YN	Q	Will this fit a whirlpool WEP5100VQ0?
YN	Q	will this fit a whirpool ultimate care II?
OE	Q	I am wondering if this will fit a Maytag dryer Model number MGD5870TW0
OE	Q	What are the dimensions of this item?
OE	Q	How does the stool roll on tile floors?
OE	Q	I have a really old one with the three treads on the bottom  where can I get replacements for the treads?
-	A	I bought mine thru amazoncom and its the only place I know of where you can get one
YN	Q	i have a frigidaire model fgf366ccbwill this part work on mine?
YN	Q	is it true you are not supposed to touch the element
-	A	I couldnt honestly tell you not sure in the slightest sorry
YN	Q	what does this part domy gas oven wont heat up on bakewill this part fix the problem?
YN	Q	Will the fit in my range Model fgf326wgsg
-	A	Im not sure it fits my Frigidaire Model FGF366ECA perfectly
YN	Q	Will this work in a Frigidaire ES340 gas range
YN	Q	will this FGF5303935066 fit a Tappen oven wpart WCI5303935066
YN	Q	Does this ice maker replace  106 626663 ?
YN	Q	Will this work with a Kenmore Refrigerator 10650522100 ?
YN	Q	Will this replace the icemaker in a Kenmore Elite 10658966700
YN	Q	Is this equivalent to Whirlpool Model ED2VHEXVQO0
YN	Q	will this work with a kenmore refrigerator 1069758615
YN	Q	Is this the kenmore icemaker for the elitereplacement part 231504
YN	Q	will it fit a Kenmore Coldspot side by side?
-	A	It fit in our Kenmore side by side I dont know if it a cold spot
YN	Q	will this fit my 1998 sears kenmore refer model 10677292790
YN	Q	Will this be easy to install in a 2002 model side by side kenmore refrigerator ?
OE	Q	will this work for model 10651512100 and does this kit provider conection directly to home water line
YN	Q	will this work with kennmore 10659509990?
OE	Q	water supply conection part  for refrigeretor kenmore 10650564991
-	A	Part number for Water supply connection is PT25
-	A	Yes  this will replace that part number
YN	Q	will this work for Kenmore model 10674209402 ?
-	A	yes This will work on your model
YN	Q	will it work for model 10654789801
-	A	Yes this will work on your model
-	A	I am not 100 sure but I think these do fit across different models
YN	Q	Can it be used for model RF217ACPNXAA
-	A	on some occasionsif it will reach and if its purpose is exactly the same as the old one
YN	Q	Does this fit the Frigidaire affinity model FAFW3511KWO?
-	A	Yes it fits and was an easy fix
YN	Q	Does this work on model FAFW3511KR0?
YN	Q	Does this fit model FDB251BLCC1?
OE	Q	Need door latch assembly for FDB251BLCC1 MFG 74005675?
-	A	Dont want to say yes but thats exactly what mine was doing and I purchased the lock latch assembly and Im back to washing clothes
OE	Q	I have a frigidare front loading washer Model LTF6700fso I need the door latch assembly will this one fit my machine?
YN	Q	Do this fit the Frigidaire Washer model LTF2940EEO have anyone put it on this washer before
-	A	It looks like the one I installed Not sure of the s Pretty easy to do
-	A	It does not have a back side it is for the lower shelves
YN	Q	Will this work with Fridgidaire MN frs6lf7fma?
YN	Q	Is This Door Bin a match for FRS6HR5HMB5
YN	Q	will this replace a frigidarre 5304442620 ?
YN	Q	Will this work as a substitute for a Frigidaire 242077701 Blower Motor?xFEFF
-	A	Yes it will you will have to modify the cables and terminals but it works perfect nice and smooth
YN	Q	will this fit model GLHS37EHSB2
-	A	It worked in my dryerprobably because I was shipped the correct part
OE	Q	what is the warranty of this item?
OE	Q	I have a Amana LE4317W2 dryer will this work in it?
YN	Q	Will this work in an amana heavy duty dryer model LG8319w2 serial s9701044026 manufacturer PLG 8319w2 heating element
-	A	Yes this will work on your model
YN	Q	Does this work in a Amana NED7200TW model?
-	A	it sure doesas the heating element are basically all the same components
-	A	I would say yes but I am NOT a trained electrician
OE	Q	This part brings the thermostat and install cables?
YN	Q	Is this compatable with a Maytag model SDE4606AYW heating element?
YN	Q	Does this fit samsung model RS575 amp RS577
-	A	Go to samsungpartscom and look up the part number for your fridge thats what I did and it fit
YN	Q	Does it fit a Samsung Refregerater  RS2533W
YN	Q	Does this fit the Samsung RS2577SLXAA?
-	A	I dont know But I do know one thing I would NEVER buy a Samsumg product and I tell everybody that will listen how much Samsung is JUNK
YN	Q	does this ice maker fit refrigerator model rf266abpn
-	A	yes like I answer before it fit perfect and it works good
YN	Q	is this compatible with RFG238AARS?
YN	Q	Does it fit a samsung rs267labp ice maker
OE	Q	Why is the dispenser light on the door still red and not blue after the pureadvantage water filter has been changed?
-	A	do not know this model but the manual gives the specs of the filter it takes
YN	Q	Does it fit the Kenmore Pro 253 series refrigerator?
-	A	Vent hole is to prevent mildew problems
YN	Q	will this part works for a GHW9400PW0 model?
YN	Q	will this fit my whirlpool wfw9400sw04
YN	Q	Is this compatible with my whirlpool LXR7244JT2?
YN	Q	will this fit model LSQ9200LQ0whirlpool
YN	Q	will this fit Roper washer model RAB5232EW1?
YN	Q	Does any one Know If this Is Compatable With a Roper Washer Model  RTW4641BQO?
YN	Q	is this compatible with my whirlpool model  lsr6332kq?
YN	Q	Will this part fit Estate washer modelTAWS800JQ1
YN	Q	Is this compatible with LA5550XT Washer  Part 3352629?
YN	Q	Is this compatible with a Maytag Neptune MDE3000AYW?
YN	Q	Is ths compatable with heating element lde304acm
YN	Q	will this heater element fit a maytag dryer model de612
-	A	According to the manufacturer heater element Y303404 is compatible with DE612
YN	Q	Is this compatible with a maytag de303?
YN	Q	Is it compatible with Maytag model  MDE6800AYW
YN	Q	Would this fit a maytag mde9700ayw?
-	A	Yes this will work on your model dryer
YN	Q	is this compatible with Maytag LDE482 dryer
YN	Q	will this screen filter fit a roper dryer
YN	Q	will it work for model 11062722101 348850?
YN	Q	Is this screen the Almond color?
YN	Q	will it fit model  GEW9878PWO 8557857LINT SCREEN NUMBERS
-	A	It fit okhad to bend the screen a bit to make it a bit shorterwas just a tiny bit long but then it fit
YN	Q	Is it compatiable with whirlpool dryer Model  WED6400SW1
-	A	I have no idea I have a Kenmore dryer
YN	Q	Does this come with instructions on how to replace the coupler?
-	A	If its a portable one then yes there all the same for the most part
-	A	You might check the faucet adapted there is a long and a short one
YN	Q	Can this work on a non threaded faucet?
YN	Q	Is this compatible with Whirlpool Mod WDT910SAY3?
YN	Q	I have model W10461429A is this the right part?
-	A	my model number for the dishwasher is GU1200XTL82You can search your dishwasher model and see it will fit it
OE	Q	I have a ModelKUDS01FKSS0KitchenaidDishwash this work?
YN	Q	Will this fit a kenmore elite 66516463300?
-	A	i bought that to fit our whirlpool gold dishwasher i have no idea if it fits a kenmore
YN	Q	I have a Kenmore model 665 17032402will this be the correct one?
-	A	Yes according to Sears Parts Direct this element is the heater for this appliance
OE	Q	This item came up in my search for 8268559 heating element for a Kitchenaid KUDI01TJBL0I dont see why the search brought it up but it looks right
YN	Q	Would this work with the whirlpool duet sports front load washer and dryers?
-	A	Yes it will work fine the duets have the same bolt pattern for attachment
YN	Q	Will it fit Series 3000 Maytag washer and dryer?
YN	Q	Will this fit LG washerdryer combo machine?
YN	Q	Would the two pedestals fit Maytag 5000 series?
YN	Q	Will these work for Maytag 2000 series washer and dryer?
YN	Q	Can you use one pedestal with a stacked set of Whirlpool Duet Sport wash and dryer?
YN	Q	Will Whirlpool XHP1550VW pedestal fit Maytag Maxima Model MED5100DW?
OE	Q	Does this have to be ducted or can it be used just to recirculate air?
-	A	No it needs a duct to the outside
OE	Q	How do you find the noise level on low med high?
-	A	Yes it is and works great for the money
YN	Q	can it be vented vertically out of back
-	A	Yesit can be vented either from the top or the back
OE	Q	I am wondering if this wall cap fits 3 round duct since I could not make the hole larger?
OE	Q	How long is the tail on this vent?
YN	Q	Can the bird catcher screen be removed so this hood could be used for a dryer vent?
OE	Q	Does this hood require a wall outlet to plug into or how is it wired?
-	A	Mine is direct wired into the wall
OE	Q	Does the unit come with the ducting or does that have to be purchased separately?
YN	Q	Does the recirculating unit come with this purchase it states that optional recirculating provided but differing comments foundplease help
-	A	the motor yes  the ducting FROM the unit no
-	A	Yes it has 2 lights at right front and left front
YN	Q	Can this be converted to recirculating?
-	A	Yes it can be installed with the recirculating kit thats how mine is installed
OE	Q	What is the length of this cord?
YN	Q	Do I need this for the kitchen hood installation?
OE	Q	what is live and what is neutral
-	A	The black wire is the hot wire and the white is the neutralThe green is the ground
OE	Q	I have an Air King hood range that needs a power supply cord would anyone know if this power cord could be used across a different brand?
-	A	Hi I used it on my whirlpool and it works great so it should work with other brands as well
OE	Q	What will fit an Amana 20 Model bc20kw?
OE	Q	I need a frdge door gasket for Model Number BX20QL Can you tell me the part number that fits
-	A	I first looked for the refrigerators make and model then I looked for the makers parts diagram and from there I was able to find the right fit
OE	Q	need door seal amana TX21VC product P13159005WC
YN	Q	will this fit model  tc20gw mfg p755353ww?
OE	Q	How do you get the fabric softener to run out
-	A	A water jet should come on during the last rinse cycle and push the softener
YN	Q	have there been issues with cracked tub?
-	A	Not yet everything working fine
-	A	IIRC theres a lint filter that youd have to manually empty after the wash
YN	Q	If I were to get one of these cant I just change the water temp by doing it manually from the faucet like I do with muy existing machine?
OE	Q	hookup Is it possible to hook this machine up to a regular WasherDryer hook up area?
-	A	Is it easy to hookup to the kitchen faucet?
-	A	Each piece is separate but there is a similar dryer and Ive seen some sort of rack online that lets you put the dryer over the washer
OE	Q	How do you remove the drain hose for storage without water splashing all over the floor from the lower opening?
OE	Q	How cold canit get and protect the spigot?
OE	Q	What are the dimensions of the opening?
OE	Q	How cold can it get outside and still protect the faucet?
YN	Q	Does a regulator come with the cooktop?
YN	Q	Does this item comes with 1 year manufacturer warranty?
OE	Q	Is the black made of glass or is it ceramic?
OE	Q	Ignitors say manual so you have to use a lighter every time for flame?
YN	Q	Does Bosch have a downdraft system
OE	Q	is the base one continuous surface or is there a ridge between the center and side burners?
YN	Q	is there a cover available for the Ramblewood high efficiency 2 burner gas cooktopNatural Gas GC248N
-	A	Hello Glenn no the unit does NOT have a cover
OE	Q	can it be converted to run on propane and if so what all is required to do so?
-	A	not really required for this stove
YN	Q	Can it to be installed above an undercounter fridge?
YN	Q	can you use this for outdoor too?
YN	Q	Do you need any additional items for the installation of the downdraft?
YN	Q	Can this be installed over a dishwasher?
-	A	no  the downdraft extraction fan wont install over a dishwasher
OE	Q	Will this cooktop fit and work where there was a JennAire 2 burnergrill with the downdraft?
YN	Q	can this top be insalled over an oven?
-	A	No as the down draft will restrict the use of this cooktop over an oven
OE	Q	What are the reviews of LG LDF7774ST
OE	Q	Why does the bottom rack goes off track often
OE	Q	leaking and ruining floornot supply fittings what could it be ?
YN	Q	will this fit my jenn air s160 range?
YN	Q	Does this fit Jenn Air Model S136?
-	A	Call Jen Air they were very helpful
YN	Q	Is this the same size as the A122?
OE	Q	why it does not stay on high continually
OE	Q	What size are the burners and what is the largest pot I can put on this stove top?
YN	Q	Will the replace my A 100 cartridge?
YN	Q	Will this work on my range with mfg id E25378?
-	A	Item is 96 inches long 8 feet so it is accurate as listed
OE	Q	how many cables come in package?
YN	Q	are all washing machine connection standard?
YN	Q	Can all washers use 34 hoses or do some require 12
-	A	As far as I know all North American washing machines use a standard 34 Garden hose fitting
-	A	They say lead free on each hose
YN	Q	Is this considered a fill hose?
OE	Q	Using with an amana ned7200tw  i noticed this doesnt have the plug on the end of the connectors like the actual models you find online?
YN	Q	Will this fit a DV410AERXAA dryer?
-	A	Yes it is listed for that model number
YN	Q	Will it fit whirlpool model number wed9750ww0
YN	Q	hi will this fit a model dv338aewxaa
YN	Q	does this work for Samsung DV337aegxaa
-	A	Yes this part number is listed for model number DV337AEGXAA
YN	Q	will this work for a model dv33aerxaa 01?
YN	Q	Can these be mounted separately?
YN	Q	Can I cut these into a custom shape?
YN	Q	Does the door open in the front?
OE	Q	Is this freezer frost free or must it be defrosted?
-	A	not if you put something down to soak up the water
OE	Q	Is the inside large enough to fit a 20lb turkey with or without a shelf removed?
YN	Q	Can you freeze cheese?I am lactose intorerantI found a cheese with no lactoseThe problem is they charge a fortune for shipping in the summer so I wa
YN	Q	My wife wants a front loading freezer like this one but hes not as flexible as she used to be can anyone recommend a stand for this?
-	A	236 x 246 x 361 inches Fits nicely under a counter and is quiet
YN	Q	Does this work for all samsung dryers?
-	A	Yes if you can move drum by had the belt is off or broken
YN	Q	will this belt work on my model no DV219AEWXAA samsung
-	A	Inside door of your machine locate model  and search for belt replacement Im not a dryer repair man
YN	Q	will it replace 154556101 basket ?
-	A	I dont know the stock  but I replaced it and it works great more sturdy than the original
YN	Q	Will this basket fit Kenmore Elite model 665 16264400?
YN	Q	can the flip down lids be removed?
YN	Q	will this fit in the FRONT of the dishwasher instead of the side?
YN	Q	Will this basket fit Kenmore model 58715263900?
YN	Q	Can this be used outside the US with 220v ?
OE	Q	I see a lot about testing for CO2 levels but what about testing for formaldehyde?
YN	Q	Does this have USB port for data logging like theGlobal Sensors Green Eye Version?
OE	Q	What is the margin of error on this thing
YN	Q	Does this unit have external sensors?if so how manyam looking for one to use specifically in a Greenhouse
OE	Q	please sir this item for grow indoor room or for hose ?and can me use 260v or 110v ?thank you
OE	Q	Please i need to know if this device can be used in 999 humid enviroments my greenhouse go that high
YN	Q	Do they have a adaptor from the old blower 6 in vent to the new 312 vent?
-	A	this model is 220single phase electricDetails sometimes cover many models
-	A	I had to change the vent duct in the cabinet
-	A	If you do a Bing or Google search for manual GE PP989DNBB youll find the Installation Guide as well as a Quick Specs and UseCare Guide
OE	Q	What type of pan do you use over the bridge?
OE	Q	What size cutout does this require?
-	A	28 78 x 20 58 and they suggest a minimum of 1 78 from the front edge of the countertop
YN	Q	I have a Jinn air system with down draft would this fit without any issue?
YN	Q	i want to replace same one  can u please explaine me how
YN	Q	Is the inside of the door also mirrored?
OE	Q	Where can I buy an additional shelf?
OE	Q	What is the width rough opening?
OE	Q	xcould this hose be screwed into the existing exhaust hose I have on my portable air conditioner
-	A	That would be impossible to answer without knowing the inside diameter of the hose on your portable air conditioner
OE	Q	Any issues with using this to exhaust a bathroom fan?
OE	Q	what is the circumference of the item?
-	A	The inside diameter is 4 so the outside diameter is about 4125 making the circumference about 1295 2pir
OE	Q	What is the cutout for the granite width and depth
YN	Q	Can this cooktop be converted to use propane?
-	A	Its not too bad to clean  the same to clean as normal gas burners in my opinion
OE	Q	is this for propane or natural gas?
-	A	Natural gas but can be converted to LP
OE	Q	how far below the counter top does this sit?
-	A	Ge shows Cutout Depth 20 58 Melanie with Goedekers
OE	Q	are all the grates level or contoured?
YN	Q	Is the person in the picture baking a necklace pie?
YN	Q	Can these be used in a gas oven safely?
YN	Q	can you pull the oven rack out by using the rack guard?
-	A	It will keep you from burning yourself but I still use a glove or pot holder to be sure
YN	Q	Would these keep pans from sliding off the front of the rack?
YN	Q	Can you cut these to fit a u shaped wrack?
-	A	doesnt sound like a good idea they are very flexible and I wouldnt cut if I could avoid it
-	A	Mine measures a little over 125 longHope this is helpful
YN	Q	Does anyone ever use these on broil?
YN	Q	will these burn at high tempature
YN	Q	Are all edges the samecould I mount it long side going up and Down and it will look the same
YN	Q	Can it be installed over ceramic tile?
-	A	Yes magnets stick to this material
YN	Q	Does it come with mounting screws?
-	A	Nope u have to go to a hardware store and buy them
OE	Q	What are the dimensions of this item?
-	A	If you had scrolled down you would have seen where it said 24 X30 X 01
OE	Q	How do you know it is correctly calibrated?
-	A	No just recalibrate TDs meter and recheck with straight tap water no filteration
OE	Q	how do you calibrate this meter my water readings r 000 ?
-	A	I would review the instructions at wwwtdsmetercomcalibrationmaintenancehtml and contact the vendor
YN	Q	would it be good for medical marijuana
-	A	Yes i use it as a backup for my bluelab dipstick plus this one tells you the temp the bluelab dipstick dont
YN	Q	would this be ok for testing water in my tropical fish tankthanks
OE	Q	At what frequency does the filter need to be changed?
-	A	I never had any logos on any of my filters or replacement parts
OE	Q	Where do I get replacement filters now that this company is out of business?
OE	Q	How does this mount under the sink?
YN	Q	does this replace kenmore 469010?
YN	Q	Is it a replacement for the Whirlpool 4392857?
-	A	Yes per the description it appears to be a fit
YN	Q	is it compatible withe the kitchenaid side by side fridge
YN	Q	does it work in a Whirlpool side by side refrigerator?
YN	Q	is this replace Kenmore wfnlc240v
OE	Q	How is this different from WSW1 model
-	A	Sorry I just bought exactly the model the fridge had in it cant help you
OE	Q	what is the difference between WSW1 vs WSW2?
YN	Q	will this filter work in a kenmore side by side model 58787892
YN	Q	will these fit a GE Hotpoint Electric stovetop?
-	A	I am not certain I have a GE stove electric and they fit fine
YN	Q	Are these for dropin Ge surface units?
OE	Q	My range is the GE Profile with 3 six inch and one 8 inch pando not see them hereWhat do I order?Do you recommend the porcelain over the chrome?
YN	Q	can you order these separate I need 3 6 and 1 8
YN	Q	Will these bowls fit an older Amana?
-	A	Wish I could answer but I dont know
YN	Q	do these fit a thermador gas stove top?
YN	Q	will this replace a 7008544 jennair knob?
OE	Q	Could you please tell me the diameter of the knobs?
-	A	175but they dont fit a stem with a narrow top and a wider bottom if that makes sense
YN	Q	do these fit a thermador gas stove top?
YN	Q	will this replace a 7008544 jennair knob?
OE	Q	Could you please tell me the diameter of the knobs?
-	A	175but they dont fit a stem with a narrow top and a wider bottom if that makes sense
OE	Q	What is the difference between this filter and the EXPXXFIL0320 ?
OE	Q	Is this price for one filter or for two?
YN	Q	Is this a direct replacement for a Littelfuse 125V 25A 250VAC refidgerator door light switch?
-	A	Yes fits the older model Subzero
YN	Q	Does this work in a sub zero 550 mine is from about 1994 the switch says littelfuse on it
YN	Q	will this switch work in a 590 Sub Zero refrigerator
YN	Q	will this switch work as the freezer light switch model 511
OE	Q	will it fit my ge refrigerator the part number on part is emb 607 50e3 or 11a125250 vac help please
-	A	sorry i didnt use for a refrigerator its cheap and have nothing to lose dont fit return itmine was for a project and work great
YN	Q	WILL THIS FIT MODEL P MSD2641KEB ?
YN	Q	will this work on my magic chef fridge model number CTB1821ARW
-	A	Yes cross reference model number on sears parts directcom
YN	Q	Will this unit work on my RB193T Magic Chef refrigerator?
YN	Q	Will this part fit on my Frigidaire Dryer model  FDEB23RGS2?
-	A	according to httpswwwpartstorecomModelElectroluxFrigidaireFDEB23RGS2aspx it looks like it should work
YN	Q	will this work with firgidaire model LEQ2152EE0
YN	Q	will this part fit on model FER211AS2?
YN	Q	Will it work with Frigidaire model GLER642A53?
YN	Q	Will this part fit Frigidaire model FERB6600ESO
YN	Q	Will this coil work for Frigidaire Model  FERB7800DS0
YN	Q	Will part 131475320 work on dryer model dedml4
OE	Q	Hi I wanted to know if this one will work with my frigadaire modelGLER331AS2 ?thank you for your prompt response
YN	Q	Will this belt work for model MDG9706AWA?
-	A	I installed this into an Amana Dryer and it fit perfect
YN	Q	will this fit on a DE712 Maytag electric dryer
-	A	I dont know if the 40111201 belt will fit but one of these will
YN	Q	Is this perfect fit for Maytag MDG4806AWW?
YN	Q	Will this fit model pyet344ayw maytag dryer?
-	A	Yes but I also had to replace the wheelarm 5 here on Amazon because it was worn as well
YN	Q	Is this product compatible with Samsung DA9706317A
YN	Q	Does this filter remove fluoride from the water?
-	A	No this is a charcoal particle filter
YN	Q	Hi can you give me the shipping rates for France please ?
-	A	We unfortunately only ship within the United States
YN	Q	Is this filter compatible for LG model LFX25778
-	A	According to the side pane of the box this filter only fits Samsung products
YN	Q	Are these the same size bags as W10165296RP  httpwwwamazoncomgpproductB001
YN	Q	Do whirlpool bags fit viking compactor
OE	Q	is this vented and what do I need to hook it up?
OE	Q	how many sones is the noise level?
YN	Q	Does the Kaze 202 come in Black?
-	A	The unit is not wall mounted and the backside I think is finished
OE	Q	what is the actual thick of this hood
YN	Q	Can this unit convert to ductless operation?
OE	Q	what is actual width of this unit?
OE	Q	The smoke is discharge from the top or from the back
-	A	it is a Universal Piece that fits MostOvens It Is a Little Longer Than The origanal But yes It will work in your oven
YN	Q	Can anyone help with info to disconnect wire connector from oven to connector on sensor this type has no clips on the outside to squeeze to release?
-	A	If there are no clips you need to use wire nuts for connection
-	A	The connectors will match  but our replacement did not solve the problem
-	A	Its been a while but I think it is a two pack as the two sensors attach to a single plug
OE	Q	are there two hoses and do they come with rubber washers for each connector?
-	A	They are brass washer connections hoses and well made
YN	Q	do they come with the strainers in the washers
YN	Q	Does this work with Profile Wall Oven JT915 models?
-	A	Yes the probe worked perfect my ovenwas a GE and imsure if its the same size it willwork
OE	Q	where to insert the oven tempmeat probe in the range model JGB760SEF2SS
YN	Q	Will this work for a kitchen aid KEBS278ABL0
-	A	I have no idea since I was only concerned if it would work with my GE oven
YN	Q	Is this compatible with GE Oven JK955SOF3SS?
YN	Q	Will this work on a Convection oven model JVM192002?
YN	Q	Does this work with GE Monogram range model ZDP304N P1SS?
YN	Q	Will this work for model  JGS968?
OE	Q	what is the gallon ratting of this filter or is it A 1 year Filter ?
YN	Q	Is this compatible with Whirlpool 4396395 Refrigerator?
-	A	Yes either model will work just fine
YN	Q	IS THIS THE SAME AS UKF8001AXX200
OE	Q	what is the flow rate on this filter
-	A	It will fit but you have to reverse the black screws and install it from the bottom instead of the top as the instructions tell you
YN	Q	Will this work with a Broan 683LA
OE	Q	Will this replace model Nutone model 696NDB or what will?
OE	Q	i have broan modle 655 need fan motor an weel an heater assy
YN	Q	Do you have Nutone Kitchen Fan Ser 2R20454MModel 118012RPM 1550 Volts 145Amp 9 Watts 55 or a drop in replacement Kitchen Fan?
-	A	I am unable to reference this motor  so I do not know what might replace it
OE	Q	What is number for replacement motor for Broan 509s Vent
YN	Q	will this fit model noQL 100 series Broan range hood
-	A	Im sorry Im not a repair man I installed on my but had to make a few modifications
YN	Q	Does this model fit in Broan PM250?
-	A	Not sure what it fits but I think it will fit even a bathroom vent however it doesnt move much air
OE	Q	i m looking for a fan sl 6200 hood
YN	Q	Would this do to replace Part No BK224961S lowwaterpressure valve which I cant find anywhere?
OE	Q	This looks as though it would work but will it replace part number 22001138 for Maytag LAT9804AAE?
YN	Q	Will this fit Maytag LAT5004 LAT5005 washers?
-	A	The same as on your garden hose
OE	Q	Compatible with part 206413 for Maytag washer SE1000?
-	A	Check your washer manual for the original part number and see if this part can be crossreferenced to fit your washer
OE	Q	i have a maytag model number mvwc200xw3 will this fit
OE	Q	This looks like an exact replacement for a 106626636 is it?
YN	Q	Will this product replace GE  WR30x10093 ice maker in my Whirlpool fridge?
-	A	Not sure but will fit many models and comes with universal adaptors
OE	Q	How do you install the 4317943 Whirlpool icemaker?
YN	Q	Is this icemaker made by Whirlpool?
-	A	I dont believe it is a Whirlpool but works real good for the price
YN	Q	Will this icemaker fit a 10659292990 sidebyside fridge?
YN	Q	will it fit a Kenmore Refrigerator model 10677992791?
YN	Q	Will this fit an ET1FHTXMQ01 Whirlpool Top Freezer Refridgerator
YN	Q	will this replace an amana sxd25jwp1104001ww ice maker
YN	Q	I have a Norcold model 1200LRIMSS in my RV and I think it calls for a model 633324 ice maker Will this unit work as a replacement ?
YN	Q	WILL THIS FIT MODEL P MSD2641KEB ?
-	A	Hey William not sure what your model is but I have been able to successfully use this ice maker in every fridge I have bought it for
YN	Q	Is this a direct replacement for a Kenmore Elite 10645423801?
YN	Q	Does this fit a kenmore elite side by side w10192868a
OE	Q	Is this tv selfstanding or does it come with a stand?
OE	Q	Does this tv require cable hook up  or is the antenna it comes with sufficient to receive local channels?
YN	Q	does this tv have a sleep mode?
-	A	No it does not I would not recommend this tv
-	A	googled this model no and per the matag web site it will fit
YN	Q	will it fit Maytag model MHWE300VF00 ?
OE	Q	Matag Neptune washer bellow spring tool part number ?
OE	Q	Hi  will this boot 12002533 suit Maytag Neptune Washer model MAH7550AAW with boot part number 22003070?
-	A	if I were you I would just replace it
OE	Q	Was this washer boot sent flat or rolled up by FreeShippingLLC?
YN	Q	can the drawers be removed for storage of larger items?
OE	Q	What are the internal dimensions?
OE	Q	does it have wheels or casters to move it easily
-	A	Hinge is on right not sure if its reversible only need an inch clearance in back hope this helps we are very happy with ours
YN	Q	Will this fit a Kenmore model 10656542400?
YN	Q	Does this part is a replace part for A PC BOARD 6000499 ?
-	A	dont buy it it works for like 2 weeks and breaks wish I called elsewhere
YN	Q	We have a Kenmore ultra fresh model 10656666501 is this the right part?
YN	Q	Does this fit a Kenmore 10653332300 side by side?
YN	Q	Will this fit a Whirlpool conquest Ref model GS6SHAXKQ01?
YN	Q	Will this fit a Whirlpool  GD5RVAXVB00
-	A	This kit contained both sensor and was a very easy install
-	A	Thats the infrared board for an in door icemaker not a main control board
YN	Q	will it fit Kitchen Aid side by side model KSRL25FRSS03 Thanks
YN	Q	Is this the right part for a Kitchen Aid KSRA25FKSS00
YN	Q	Does it come with the middle wash arm and tube and all the clips and parts?
YN	Q	Is the rack adjustable to lower one side for tall glassware?
OE	Q	how does the self cleaning preform
OE	Q	what is the width of this stove
OE	Q	Do the top burners heat evenly throughout the coils or heat from the center coils outward as the temperate is raised?
OE	Q	Will cast ironcookware scratch or mar the elements?
YN	Q	Does this model have the Hot Surface Indicator Light and the Heating Element ON Indicator Light?
YN	Q	Does this work for Fruit leathers?
-	A	nope i am pretty sure the liquid would drip through the holes in the mesh
YN	Q	Are the holes small enough to keep corn from falling through?
OE	Q	what is it made of can you wash it
-	A	Yes you can it is a type of plastic
YN	Q	do you think the netting holes are small enough to keep wheat berries from falling through?
-	A	Product plus packing and container shipped in
OE	Q	What material is the netting made of?
OE	Q	What is the width and length of the roll?
OE	Q	is this one sheet or a roll if it a roll how what is the length
OE	Q	What is the length amp width of this roll?
YN	Q	are they 2 in a pack are they flat black color
-	A	Use hack saw do use jig saw will damage
OE	Q	do you have this in color chrome and perhaps 22 or 21 in Length?
YN	Q	Are there two one for each side or is this the price for just one and therefore you have to order two?
-	A	I have not seen this item in clear
YN	Q	Do I get a pair for the price of 1999
YN	Q	Does this have a magnetic strip to attach to the stove?
-	A	Yes about half an inch wide where it contacts the side of the stove
-	A	Its a flat blackno shine really
OE	Q	does this come in white and how long are they
YN	Q	Can either of these be cut to fit i need it around the back also since the stove is in a counter island
OE	Q	what is better on a oven glass top or burners
YN	Q	Can these oven gap guards be cut to fit if they are too long?
OE	Q	what is the color we need white
OE	Q	is this an aftermarket or original
OE	Q	How do you install the Whirlpool Dishwasher fill value W10158389?
YN	Q	is this part w10158389 water inlet valve for sure in stock?
YN	Q	does this valve work on model du910pfgq1
YN	Q	Is this a brand new unused part Whirlpool Dishwasher Fill Valve W10158389?
-	A	The part I received was new and fit and worked perfectly
YN	Q	does the tubing come with the plastic vents
-	A	Product Dimensions is 61 x 59 x 28 inchesSJS Commercial
-	A	I dont see why it wouldnt but keep in mind that hot air rises so you are making the blower work harder to get the air outside
OE	Q	Should the two pieces in which one is male and one is female to have nice fit?
YN	Q	Are both pieces part of the kit the two white plastic sleeves shown one for the wall and one for the hose?
YN	Q	Does it connect w aluminum hoses?
OE	Q	i have the dryer dock but it keeps falling down the lower part why?
OE	Q	If the rack is facing the sink it drains into the sink howwhere does the extra slide out tray drain?
YN	Q	Can the slide out tray be inserted from either side of the main rack?
YN	Q	Is the silverware tray easily removable to enable putting in the dishwasher to help prevent mold from pooled water?
OE	Q	Is the color a shiny chrome or brushed steel?
YN	Q	Does the spoon holder have holes in it?
YN	Q	Is the drain tray angled so the water goes into the sink amp NOT all over the counters?
YN	Q	I dont have an undermount sink would the drainer work?
-	A	I dont know why it wouldnt just position the drainer over the lip of the sink
YN	Q	Does the counter and the oven need to be the same height?
YN	Q	can they be cut if your oven is less than 23 inches deep
-	A	Sorry They can only cover a 12 gap
-	A	YES I am very pleased with mine
YN	Q	Is there a agnet to make it cling to the stove top
OE	Q	Does this product work when the stove and counter are not even?
OE	Q	frigidaire gallery stovefges3065kfcis it any good?
OE	Q	how deep is this and what r other measurements
OE	Q	How long does the washer cycle take?
-	A	Dont know the exact minutes but it seems to be about like any washer not a super long wash time
YN	Q	Will it fit into a 27 inch wide space?
-	A	Our unit is just a bit under 27 so it would be a snug fit I would think
YN	Q	Does this replace Kenmore filter 5231JA2006
-	A	The one I received had only 1 filter
-	A	yes lg says 5231ja2006b and 5231ja2006a are compatible for lt600p
OE	Q	what water purification standards does this filter meet or exceed for example is it both NSF 42 and NSF 53 verified?
YN	Q	does it work for lg water filter 5231JA2006F
YN	Q	does this filter fit the LG model LRFD21855ST refrigerator?
YN	Q	does this fit model LFX31925SBoo
YN	Q	Does this fit the Emerson 32 LCD model LC320EM8A
YN	Q	Will this part fit Emerson LC320 EM 82 note there is a number A71FFMUT is this board compatible with your model up for sale on amazon?
YN	Q	will this fit part 4396918 in Whirlpool fridge?
YN	Q	Will this filter fit Whirlpool fridge part  4392857
-	A	Yes according to their website the WSW1 or WSW2 will replace Whirlpool part 4392857
YN	Q	Will this filter fit my Whirlpool GD5SHG Refrigerator Freezer?
YN	Q	is this a replacement for a whirlpool 4392857 filter?
YN	Q	Will it replace Whirlpool Filter 4396701?
YN	Q	can it use in place of a  4396509 filter
YN	Q	is this compatible with kenmore 2203980?
OE	Q	Wiil this filter fit Kenmore part 10656536400?
YN	Q	WILL THIS FILTER FIT IN MY KITCHEN AID?
OE	Q	What is the difference between WSW1 and WSW2 filter models?
YN	Q	Will this pump work on Whirlpool Duet Mod  GHW9150PW0?
YN	Q	Will this fit my Kenmore Elite front loader washing machine Model 11044932200
-	A	We ship all US orders USPS and international FedEx
-	A	yes i have whirlpool duet and its easy to change and its work good
YN	Q	Should I use a 36 over a 30 range if there is room to mount it?
-	A	no opening at the back unless you cut a opening
OE	Q	if the duct at my house is vertical can a piece be bought so it wil fit with the round duct?
-	A	I did not read the warranty on this fan
YN	Q	does it work with 220 volt electricity?
OE	Q	I need this to be 23 but description shows 19
OE	Q	how wide of a gap does this fill?
YN	Q	Does it get all of the detergent and softner out when rinsing the clothes?
OE	Q	how many items fit in this product?
-	A	Thats what I have and it fit mine
YN	Q	Will this work with MAH8700AWW?
OE	Q	Will you please tell me exactly what is included in this kit?
YN	Q	will this work for my MAH4000AWW?
YN	Q	Will this work with MAH4000BWW?
YN	Q	Does this fit Whirlpool Duet Sport WED8300sw2?
-	A	Yes this part fits Kenmore 70 Series dryers
YN	Q	Will this Maintenance Kit fit my Kenmore model 11062802101?
YN	Q	does this fit my Kenmore elite 11085872401?
-	A	Here is a link that may give you the answer you need httpwwwpartselectcom
YN	Q	Does this fit my Maytag Bravo MGD6600TQ0?
YN	Q	Does this fit a kenmore 11097087601 model
-	A	I would say that it would fit all Kenmore dryers with 29 inch drums
YN	Q	WIll this kit work on Whirlpool WED9200SQ0 FRONT LOADER ELECTRIC DRYER?
YN	Q	will this kit work on whirlpool lg5701xswo dryer
YN	Q	Will this kit fit the Kenmore Elite 11087872601?
YN	Q	Will this kit roller wheels amp belt fit my Maytag MDG7658BWW?
YN	Q	Does this fit Whirlpool Duet Sport WED8300sw2?
-	A	Yes this part fits Kenmore 70 Series dryers
YN	Q	Will this Maintenance Kit fit my Kenmore model 11062802101?
YN	Q	does this fit my Kenmore elite 11085872401?
-	A	Here is a link that may give you the answer you need httpwwwpartselectcom
YN	Q	Does this fit my Maytag Bravo MGD6600TQ0?
YN	Q	Does this fit a kenmore 11097087601 model
-	A	I would say that it would fit all Kenmore dryers with 29 inch drums
YN	Q	WIll this kit work on Whirlpool WED9200SQ0 FRONT LOADER ELECTRIC DRYER?
YN	Q	will this kit work on whirlpool lg5701xswo dryer
YN	Q	Will this kit fit the Kenmore Elite 11087872601?
YN	Q	Will this kit roller wheels amp belt fit my Maytag MDG7658BWW?
OE	Q	I want to put this in my office of about 80 people  is this one too small?
YN	Q	Does the unit come with mounting brackets for a boat installation
OE	Q	installed my ice maker and ran it over night but no ice what did i miss
OE	Q	What shape of ice does this make?
OE	Q	Can burners on the stove be lit with a match or is it only electronic ignition when using propane?
YN	Q	Is this an electric start range?
OE	Q	Does it come with the LP conversion kit or What do I need to buydo to make it to work with 5LB propane tank
OE	Q	Does this stove come with the broiler pans?if so is there a bottom broiler pan and top broiler grill pan set?tkuu
-	A	This models have a broiler pan with a broiler pan cover
-	A	The model does not come in black you may look at WNM1307DK which is a 20 gas black range
YN	Q	Can this be operated without electricity if you light it with a match and dont use the clock or oven light?
-	A	The actual cooking surface is 36 inches tallI hope this helps you
OE	Q	Is this 110 or do you need a 220 outlet?
-	A	220 outlet is needed for this unit
OE	Q	How I supposed to make it work ?My house works 110 V
-	A	No its 220 volt and it took around 6 weeks for shipping
OE	Q	Apartment size range Will this work on 110 Volt?
-	A	According to the specs at Home Depot where this costs 49900 it is a 240 volt just like a standard size oven
YN	Q	Will a standard 145 x 185 pan fit in it?
-	A	15 x 18 appears to be the biggest that will fit
OE	Q	Where does one go to get the electric cord?
OE	Q	how many amps  watts does this unit draw?
YN	Q	Is there an AC option for the freezer?
-	A	Yes a factory customization is possible for additional costs
OE	Q	is this ac  dc powered or just dc?
-	A	This Sundazer SolarPowered Chest operates on DC only
OE	Q	what size solar panel is required to run this unit?
OE	Q	How many racks are in this oven?
YN	Q	are the fans noisey and run for long periods
YN	Q	Does this item come with a broiler pan?
YN	Q	does trim come with the product to cover the space between the ovens and the cabinets?
-	A	Not sure but both ovens are full size and both have convection  we love it
-	A	I doubt it the fans blow out from the front of both ovens so an hour after youve finished baking they are still blowing hot air into the kitchen
YN	Q	Does this double wall oven come with a warranty?
YN	Q	How many racks come with this oven Can more racks be ordered?
YN	Q	will the extender work if my stove top is slightly higher then counter top?
-	A	The extenders are a plastic material
YN	Q	Will these work if my stove is slightly lower than my countertop?
YN	Q	Will this work between a counter and a fridge?
OE	Q	Is this just one or a pair of these extenders?
-	A	its been awhile since i bought these but I believe it came with two
OE	Q	Anyone else notice that you have to tip the machine forward afterwards to get the remaining water out?
-	A	No shouldnt be a problem at all
OE	Q	we need water filter and how to replace instructions
YN	Q	can fridge work without the water filter installed
OE	Q	How long is the manufacturers warranty?
OE	Q	What is the part number for the water filter?
OE	Q	what is the difference between model 8955 and 8959
-	A	Im sorry but I dont have the answer to that question
OE	Q	why is there condensation moisutre after my cycle is done in my stainless steel inside dishwasher
YN	Q	Will a 4 58 pot work on the 6 burner?
-	A	Dear Gehrig This model does have the Potsense feature which will automatically adjust the cooking element to the size of the pan bottom
OE	Q	Is this an open box item or in a factory sealed box?
OE	Q	does the unit shut off just by moisture or wiping the glass at the controls?
YN	Q	is there lighting in the freezer and refrigerator?
YN	Q	Can you fit a queen sized flat sheet?
-	A	Because its a fairly large box and most importantly the price of gas is so expensive these days
YN	Q	Is this a true induction cooktop?
YN	Q	Does this stovetop work well for canning  long hot boils with a steady temperature?
OE	Q	How do you calibrate the device?
-	A	If you think it needs calibration you must send it back to Amprobe Amprobe Everett WA 98203 Tel 1877AMPROBE
-	A	Change all old tips and all should read between 2 percent the same
YN	Q	Is the filter a number 94124 for models 3320133202332223720137202?
YN	Q	Will this Small PermaWick Filter fit model  33201 Hunter Humidifier?
-	A	I am not sure which model it fits it was to small for what I needed
YN	Q	does this fit 18 jl model 34999
YN	Q	Does this filter fit Hunter model 33223?
-	A	sure does thats the model i have
YN	Q	Is this filter ULTRAWF correct to replace Frigidaire PN 242017801?
YN	Q	does this replace kenmorepure 469999
OE	Q	what water filter for frigidaire gallery
-	A	Thats the filter that fits my Gallery
OE	Q	my fridge model number is ffhs2622ms3?
-	A	Yes this would be the correct filter
OE	Q	Is this genuine Frigidaire part or a genericknockoff?
-	A	Drains well n comes apart well as well
OE	Q	Does the drain board have a raised edge all the way around to retain water in it or is there a flat side for water to drip from it into the sink?
OE	Q	is the bottom separate or is it hooked together
-	A	The top snaps into the bottom you can separate it if you really have to
-	A	Its 18 long and tapers from 10 wide at the bottom to 14 wide at the top
YN	Q	will this work in a jenn air model A 122 Cartridge 3000W 240 Volts
YN	Q	Will this fit the old JennAir range A100?
YN	Q	will this fit a JennAir model C301
YN	Q	Will this work on an Amana cooktop?
YN	Q	The model number of the Jannair GrillRange Model SVE47600 will this cooktop cartridge A122B work on this range?
-	A	The correct unit would be the A121B  as per the manufactorors user manual
YN	Q	Will this work on jenn air down draft model c103?
YN	Q	Can this beverage center maintain beverages at a temperature of 32 degrees F?
OE	Q	How tall is the interior space?
-	A	29 14 There is a light in the center top that hangs down about 2
YN	Q	can the door hinges be swapped to the left side?
OE	Q	How did you determine that it was only the ice maker that needed to be replaced and not something more serious?
-	A	All you do is plug it in the to the wire housing on the frigvery simple
-	A	Original Equipment Manufacturer
OE	Q	Hello I have the rs27Fgrs refrigerator and ice maker need what model i buy?
OE	Q	How come the GE dimentions are 123x5x49 2pounds and Samsung 142x78x72 5pounds ?
OE	Q	Hello I have the rs27kgrs refrigerator and ice maker need  let me know if this model can you sell inserting it into the fridge and I will work even i
YN	Q	Is this a replacement for a Samsung DA9706318A  IMC701
YN	Q	Does it fit model  ew23cs70iw3?
YN	Q	Has anyone had any issues with the filter having a white grease like substance on the little black gaskets that are on the end nubs of the filter
-	A	I havent encountered that with any of replacement filters Ive had
-	A	Yes the recommend filter for your model number is the EWF01
-	A	SorryCheck on the description or look up your model number for matching filters
YN	Q	Does this filter remove copper from the water?
YN	Q	Can this be installed vent free?
OE	Q	do you have to hook it up to a vent or is it ventless?
OE	Q	I have a stone wall I will be installing up to is there a way I can hangbitbfrom the ceiling instead if drilling into the stone?
-	A	Yes you can absolutely install from the ceiling leaving your stone intact
OE	Q	Where does it need to attach to wall?
-	A	It comes with brackets and screws to anchor it to the wall is relatively easy you just have to do a good calculation of dimensions and levels
-	A	yes it does come with extension
OE	Q	Does it come ready to install or do I need to other parts?
OE	Q	whats the minimum height of this hood i only can fit a 2223 inch max hood due to my low ceiling the graphs shows that but you know foreign co ?
YN	Q	Is this products exhaustion method ducted or ductless?
YN	Q	Can this be installed over the island?
YN	Q	Does the smooth surface scratch when you slide a pan?
OE	Q	what is the warranty on this range?
-	A	Parts Warranty Limited 1year entire appliance Limited 5Year Glass CooktopRadiant Surface Units Yes Labor Warranty Limited 1year entire appliance
OE	Q	Is it available now and how soon can I get it
YN	Q	Will this machine automatically restart after a power outage?
OE	Q	model e128bs561so where shut off arm on ice naker is it spring loaded?
OE	Q	Electrolux EW28BS71ISC  does the ice maker work?
OE	Q	When replacing this unit how do you disconnect the 14 pipe from both ends of this units quick connect?
-	A	I push the two red connectors and out easily
-	A	Yes just cut off both edge of the copper or PVC pipe and plug in the new filter follow the Arrow direction on the filter
-	A	checked to where the flow of water goes and checks the key arrest
YN	Q	Will this fit I have a 18001001 maytag filter now would this fit?
YN	Q	Is it just as easy to remove the copper lines from this filter as it is the GXRTQR filter?
YN	Q	does this filter come with the adapters needed to install?
-	A	75 cubic feet  12960 cubic inches
YN	Q	are the bottom inside door replacement panels plastic available?
-	A	Yes someone who is a norcold dealer should be able to order those for you
YN	Q	will this fit in a 1987 teton 40 foot fifth wheel obviously I dont know the sie of the refrig I know a cabintet abouve it and I think the propane clo
OE	Q	how do I get door panels not sure my old Dometic Americana panels will fit
-	A	They are prehung as right hand but are made to be flipped easily
OE	Q	How long does the filter last ?
-	A	The instructions say it lasts 3040 refills worth
OE	Q	how do you connect the filter to the humidifier
YN	Q	does this filter fit into the drop humidifier EE5301?
-	A	yes I believe so it says it fits crane drop shape humidifiers
-	A	That is what my filter looks like and it fit
OE	Q	I would like to know if the dimensions in the specifications are correct  ie that the disposal is only 6 inches long
YN	Q	Is the Evolution Essential model interchangeable with the Contractor 333 model
YN	Q	I am replacing a kitchenaid would this fit kitchenmaids quick mounting system?
YN	Q	does it come with the fitting for a dishwasher
YN	Q	Is the 3 Year Warranty applicable in Canada as well?
-	A	Its about 11 inches tall by 725 inches in diameter at its widest point
OE	Q	Will this also fit the washer GEW9200LW1 or is there a different part number for that?
OE	Q	Will this also fit the washer GGW9300PW4 or is there a different part number for that
-	A	In my experience the door is not reversible
YN	Q	Is this the correct kit for model WED9610XW
YN	Q	Can it be attached to a table to use as a fondant roller
OE	Q	Can anyone let me know the tub you use that attaches to this product successfully?
YN	Q	Are both rollers driven by the crank?
-	A	not with this product but a rolling pin on a table works well
OE	Q	How much laundry detergent do you use?
-	A	For 23 gallons maybe 1 tablespoon and 1 tablespoon white vinegar to break up the smell in my clothes because I sweat so bad
OE	Q	Do you need to pull the plunger out of the water to fill with air or do you keep it submerged?
OE	Q	Im assuming you use it with a bucket how big?
-	A	I purchased two 5 gallon buckets from Home Depot
OE	Q	Im assuming you use it with a bucket how big?
OE	Q	How long do you do this on a load of laundry ?
YN	Q	Can you take it apart and put it back together with both Inlet and Outlet facing the same directionIm up against a concrete top and bottom
OE	Q	What gauge metal is it made of?
OE	Q	my wall opening is a bit higher then the dryeroutlet as well as about 4 to the side i cant move the dryer to line up the wall openingdryer
OE	Q	When fully extended are there 5 inches between the inlet and outlet edges or centers?
YN	Q	Has anyone used this with a newer GE side by side fridge?
OE	Q	will this attach to a standard 14 compression fitting or if the nut on one end is cut off will the tubing attach to a 14 sharkbite fitting
-	A	Yes its 14 internal diameter tubing  standard for most refrigerator waterice maker lines
YN	Q	After installing new filters do they need to have water run through them before they are used for drinking?
OE	Q	can you tell me how many filters are in this pack?
YN	Q	Does this filter have a micron rating?
-	A	I checked the box and instruction sheet doesnt seem to be a rating 18002319786 USACanada
OE	Q	why is the three pack of replacement filters more expensive 449 than the single at 999 Is there a cartridge that fits inside the filter?
OE	Q	What is the difference in the CWF 1012 filter and the CWF 1016 filter for the Clear 2 O pitcher
YN	Q	Is the power cableplug included ?
-	A	Due to the varied outlets from home to home the power cord or pigtail is not included with any new range
YN	Q	has anyone had issues with the warming burner not shutting off?
OE	Q	Is the smooth cooktop suitable for cast iron or heavy pressure canners?
OE	Q	does the left oven door open down or sideways?
-	A	The door swings open sideways to the left is a pretty small oven for bread or oblong dish as it is only 95 wide
YN	Q	If installation is purchased is the power cable included as part of the installation fee?
YN	Q	Will the cover open 180 degrees?
YN	Q	does this unit have the folding side extensions?
-	A	Mine came with a black handle area and the rest was stainless steel
YN	Q	Can you pour water into the machine instead of connecting it to the faucet?
OE	Q	please explain how this runs by batteries?
OE	Q	How well does this spin water out of clothes?
OE	Q	Do you have to plug this into a wall hookup or can I set it up in my bedroom or bathroom?
YN	Q	Does the Speed Queen AWN 432 have coldwater wash?
-	A	Yes It has all of the normal wash selections
OE	Q	ow much soap shall I use for one load of wash
-	A	43 12 inches to top of control panel add another 9 12 inches with the lid opened up 28 inches deep 25 12 inches wide
OE	Q	Does the tub fill with water for the rinse cycle or does it spray the clothes with water to rinse them?
YN	Q	Does this washer have computers in it Does it have and agitator
YN	Q	Will it work with Lennox HCWB17HCWB12?
OE	Q	How many wires what are the voltage requirements?
YN	Q	Does it share the same template duct cutout size as the older model 56?
YN	Q	Will this controller work with the Aprilaire 600M?
YN	Q	Will this work with my Lennox Healthy Climate  Model WB  17?
-	A	It has two wires to connect it should work
-	A	yes they are but seem to be sturdy and clean able
-	A	httpwwwmanualslibcommanual274476BoschHgs5053uchtml
OE	Q	Is the side panel black or stainless steel?
OE	Q	What exactly is the 5th burner used for?
-	A	The 5th burner is mostly used for simmering
YN	Q	My old stove has a griddle that I use all the time does Bosch make a griddle that fits on the stove top?
YN	Q	Will this lock keep a rottweiler from eating the contents of my fridge?
-	A	Pads are 35 x 4 inches arms are just under 6 inches
OE	Q	how many keys come with the lock?
YN	Q	Would you trust this lock on a deep freezer outside to deter people from breaking in?
YN	Q	Will this filter work with the french door fridge model B26FT70SNS
-	A	Mine is the Bosch B26FT70SNS and yes it works with this refrigerator
-	A	yes i believe it is my application is thermadore sidebyside refrigerator
YN	Q	will this work in Thermador freezer T181?
YN	Q	Does this filter work for Bosch b22cs80sns?
YN	Q	Is this compatible with t36it800np?
-	A	Yes this is a compatible filter for your model
OE	Q	Im looking for a filter for thermador 48 inch side by side part  00750673 will this work?
-	A	I ordered Bosch 644845 9000194412 Ultra Clarity Refrigerator Water Filter which worked 100
YN	Q	Is this compatible with part number 101443A have Thermador T361T70NNP05
OE	Q	What gas dryer is better Magtag or Speed queen
OE	Q	Which SQ electric dryer offers moisture sensing?
YN	Q	does a speed queen dryer with a dropdown door exist?
YN	Q	How long to dry 5 or 6 pairs of jeans and same number of shirtsCan someone give me a guess ?
-	A	Our experience is 40mins on average  to completely dry
OE	Q	Dealer locations on speed queen dryers in westchester county ny
-	A	G means the interior door is grey vs white in earlier models
YN	Q	can this dryer break apart easily for getting thru a small doorway?
-	A	I doubt it but you might contact the manufacturer or appliance center
YN	Q	Is it possible to change the color of the interior LED lights?
YN	Q	Will this fit a maytag dishwasher which uses part  1547252?
-	A	This part works for the Kenmore be careful most parts only work for one brand
YN	Q	Does this work for Kenmore 66513843k601?
-	A	Sorry dont recall and I just got rid of my old dishwasher sorry again
YN	Q	Will it fit GU2200XTSSO Type 5750?
-	A	Not sure did you check online to see if they might be compatible?
YN	Q	Does this cap fit W10082929A whirlpool elite dishwasher?
YN	Q	will this work with Kitchenaid KUD102FRSS2 ?
YN	Q	Will it work with kitchen aid kuds30fxpa8?
YN	Q	Does this work with a KitchenAid KUDC10FXSS5?
OE	Q	Apology in advance but Im not sure Ive asked this question Is the item interchangeable with GE Model dryer NVL333GY0WW rear drum bearing?
-	A	No it is not compatible according to wwwappliancepartsproscom
-	A	High temperature grease not sure of brand as it comes in a white generic tube
YN	Q	does this fit fex831cso stacked dryer
OE	Q	I have a Frigidaire FPHF2399MFO will this replace my leaking tank?
YN	Q	Will these burners fit in my Whirlpool Range Model Rf365PXMW1?
OE	Q	8 are these parts for the large burners for a whirlpool stove got I thought 8 inch and fits the small ones So u sent me the wrong ones
YN	Q	Will these fit whirlpool model RF39JXWW
-	A	It worked on our Whirlpool which we bought new in 1984
YN	Q	will this fit a whirlpool model RF114PXSB0element part  W10259866
OE	Q	which one of these burners will fit my whirlpool model rde4400y2?
OE	Q	Does this have the loop connectors or the solid rectangle plugs?
YN	Q	Will this burner element work on model RJE3165N?
YN	Q	is this the kind that has the circle connectors on the end?
-	A	Yes but I dont think they are as sturdy as the the replacement I ordered in previous years
YN	Q	Do you have Whirlpool Stove Surface Burner Element 6 and 8 inches?
YN	Q	does this cap with with whirlpool ed5vhexvb01?
-	A	yes just make sure you pick the correct color black gray or white
YN	Q	Does this cap fit whirlpool refrigerator modelED2FHAXSB04 and our water filter 4396841?
-	A	no somewhat darker gray but mine is recessed so dont see it anyway
YN	Q	Does this cap fit W10186667 filter?
YN	Q	Is this for 4396841p pur refrigerator filter?
YN	Q	Does this Cap fit filter 4396710?
OE	Q	I have a Kitchen Aid model KSCS25FVMS01 will this cap 2260502ap work
YN	Q	Does this price include a power cord?
-	A	I am in Tallahassee FL so I would say within 3 business days
YN	Q	does this come with a powercord?
OE	Q	I have a GE Profile jgsp44ev3aa will it work?
-	A	I am quite sure it will it is a very universal item
YN	Q	Will this work with a Frigidaire FGGF304DLF1?
OE	Q	I have a coloric RWS214 Oven will this work?
-	A	Look up the oven product number and look threw the ones that fit ur machine
OE	Q	Hello It will work for a frigidair FGB24L2ASA?
YN	Q	I have a amana arg7102lm will this work on it?
YN	Q	will it work on frigidaire model FGF350BBWA
OE	Q	I have a whirlpool sf3020ekw0 will it work
YN	Q	I have a Frigidaire FGF366DSA stovewill this work?
YN	Q	will this work on Hotpoint model RGB745BEH9CT
-	A	its an universal partit will work you might havta cut existing wires and splice this unit wires
YN	Q	does this fit Kenmore model 10660192000
YN	Q	does this fit Kenmore model 1068627580?
-	A	The evaporator motor for this kenmore model is part 548697 or 1105608  for part number info try the sears parts direct site Good Luck
YN	Q	Will this fit a Whirlpool Model  EWT13JWR1 ?
-	A	Be ready to do some modification
YN	Q	helo will it fit Kenmore 10678862891 top freezer model
YN	Q	will this fit kenmore model 2539260211 part  216470200
OE	Q	I have model number 1068559280 will this fit
-	A	I dont know try it and return if not
OE	Q	I have a whirlpool model  RS610PXGW11 will these work
-	A	If the plug is the same it might work you just have to try but the plug must match
-	A	You need to check your stoves model number and search for the part you need
YN	Q	will it fit a rf111pxsq3 model?
YN	Q	does this part fit a cabrio agi model wtw6300sbi
-	A	It seems to be a aftermarket product
YN	Q	Would this replace the drain pump whirlpool part 461970201671?
YN	Q	Would this replace the drain pump part  w10155921 for a whirlpool cabrio?
YN	Q	Does this fit the Whirlpool WFS 1071BD front loader
YN	Q	Will this fit Model  WFW9200SQ00
YN	Q	will it fit whirlpool model  GHW 9250MLO?
-	A	The bellow part  you need is 8181850
YN	Q	Will it fit for Whirlpool model  GHW9400PL4
-	A	Yes this will work on your model
-	A	No you need part number W10111435
OE	Q	Hi will it work with Whirlpool WFW9550WR00?
-	A	I would say yes My washer is a GHW9400 Duet Whirlpool washer is the same size as your if I looked it up correctly It should work
YN	Q	Will this fit a Whirlpool duet GHW9400PLO ?
YN	Q	Will this fit a Kenmore Elite Washer 11046747801?
YN	Q	does this one fit Whirlpool Mo WFW9550WL00?
OE	Q	How long will the unit hold a charge before use  Can the unit be charged one day then used next week?
YN	Q	Will this work to replace part number DA9707603B?
-	A	Not really sure what bottom freezer model you have  I googled my serial number to find the part number  BTW  it was easy to install
YN	Q	Will this fit Samsung Model RF268ABBP lower ice maker?
YN	Q	Does this work for ice maker for RS2534BB?
YN	Q	Hi does this fit my Samsung RFG237?
YN	Q	Does this work for the bottom ice maker for RFG298aars?
YN	Q	Does this filter have some kind of filter inside of it to stop grease?
-	A	For non ducted yescharcoal in the filter no
YN	Q	Does this fit the nutone range hood with the same model number?
OE	Q	im looking for a non ducted charcoal filter the product number is 5999010181
-	A	This is a part number that has been discontinued The only way I could help is with the dimensions of this filter
OE	Q	how do I clean the grease from the screen?
YN	Q	is there a problem with the flapper on the ge refrigerator model pse25kgh?
OE	Q	if i order today when will i receive it in arcadia fl 34266
OE	Q	installation of Ice door Flapper on a GE refrigerator
YN	Q	Will this part on a Kenmore refrigerator as well?
-	A	The serial number tah says it was made in Germany
OE	Q	stuck in drain cycle  wont what can I do?
OE	Q	what is recommended space from rangecountertop to bottom of cabinet?
YN	Q	Does thi unit have a light underneath
-	A	yes it does bright and night light
OE	Q	where is the vent on this mircowave top or back?
-	A	It is a rectanglur vent that needs an adapter to conform to the tublar of standard openings
OE	Q	I have a Norcold 633324 ice maker and it will not eject the ice cubes
OE	Q	Isnt this ice maker identical to the Whirlpool 4319743 for 4950?
YN	Q	Will this item fit a Norcold1200 LRIM refrigerator?
YN	Q	Is this filter model  07134220?
-	A	Yes it is NSFANSI mos 42 07134220
YN	Q	is this compatible with the refrigerator model KF1901?
OE	Q	Refrigerator model KF1911 filter?
YN	Q	Would this filter work for my frigidaire frs6hr5hsb5 refrigerator?
OE	Q	How can I get a Frigidare filter as pictured and not some knock off?
YN	Q	Will this filter work in my WhiteWestinghouse refrigerator?
YN	Q	Will this filter work for my frigidaire FRS3HR35KSO refrigerator?
-	A	Yes this is one of a number of exact factory replacement filters for your model FRS3HR35KSO Frigidaire refrigerator
OE	Q	what about model frs6r5esbc wil it fit this model ?
YN	Q	are they the original pure source unopened for Frigidaire?
OE	Q	why is used filter more expensive than new
YN	Q	Would this filter work on my Frigidaire FRS6R4EW2 refrigerator?
YN	Q	Will this model fit my model FSC23LR5JM2 fridge?
OE	Q	Why is the 3 pack more expensive than 3x1 packs?
-	A	one is sold by amazon single pack the other 3x pack is sold by another vendor who is apparently selling at a higher price
OE	Q	What is the difference from the 523JA2006A and the 523JA2006B other than price?
YN	Q	Does this fit a kenmore model 7957032?
-	A	Sorry I dont know I have a LG fridge
OE	Q	5231ja2006a or 5231ja2006b Is the part numbers of these filters 5231ja2006a or 5231ja2006b?
-	A	A and B are interchangeable but B is new and improved and filters more out than A
OE	Q	Why is the 3 pack more expensive than 3x1 packs?
-	A	one is sold by amazon single pack the other 3x pack is sold by another vendor who is apparently selling at a higher price
OE	Q	What is the difference from the 523JA2006A and the 523JA2006B other than price?
YN	Q	Does this fit a kenmore model 7957032?
-	A	Sorry I dont know I have a LG fridge
OE	Q	5231ja2006a or 5231ja2006b Is the part numbers of these filters 5231ja2006a or 5231ja2006b?
-	A	A and B are interchangeable but B is new and improved and filters more out than A
OE	Q	Why is the 3 pack more expensive than 3x1 packs?
-	A	one is sold by amazon single pack the other 3x pack is sold by another vendor who is apparently selling at a higher price
OE	Q	What is the difference from the 523JA2006A and the 523JA2006B other than price?
YN	Q	Does this fit a kenmore model 7957032?
-	A	Sorry I dont know I have a LG fridge
OE	Q	5231ja2006a or 5231ja2006b Is the part numbers of these filters 5231ja2006a or 5231ja2006b?
-	A	A and B are interchangeable but B is new and improved and filters more out than A
YN	Q	Would this filter work for my frigidaire frs6hr5hsb5 refrigerator?
OE	Q	How can I get a Frigidare filter as pictured and not some knock off?
YN	Q	Will this filter work in my WhiteWestinghouse refrigerator?
YN	Q	Will this filter work for my frigidaire FRS3HR35KSO refrigerator?
-	A	Yes this is one of a number of exact factory replacement filters for your model FRS3HR35KSO Frigidaire refrigerator
OE	Q	what about model frs6r5esbc wil it fit this model ?
YN	Q	are they the original pure source unopened for Frigidaire?
OE	Q	why is used filter more expensive than new
YN	Q	Would this filter work on my Frigidaire FRS6R4EW2 refrigerator?
YN	Q	Will this model fit my model FSC23LR5JM2 fridge?
YN	Q	will this fit model lg lsc27910tt
YN	Q	Does this work in model LSC26905TT
-	A	It replaces 5231JA2002A for model 5231JA2002AS check your old filter and it should say one of those numbers above
YN	Q	Can it replace a 9890 Kenmore Water filter?
YN	Q	Is this truly an LG the LG website does not mention this company is it really 500 gallons or 300 like the others?
YN	Q	DOES THIS REPLACE PART 5231JA2002A?
YN	Q	Do you have to turn off the household water in order to replace this filter in an LG frig?
YN	Q	Will this work in a kenmore top mount model 7957943
YN	Q	will this fit model lg lsc27910tt
YN	Q	Does this work in model LSC26905TT
-	A	It replaces 5231JA2002A for model 5231JA2002AS check your old filter and it should say one of those numbers above
YN	Q	Can it replace a 9890 Kenmore Water filter?
YN	Q	Is this truly an LG the LG website does not mention this company is it really 500 gallons or 300 like the others?
YN	Q	DOES THIS REPLACE PART 5231JA2002A?
YN	Q	Do you have to turn off the household water in order to replace this filter in an LG frig?
YN	Q	Will this work in a kenmore top mount model 7957943
YN	Q	Does this vent through the duct to the outside of the house?
YN	Q	can it be mounted on pitched ceiling
YN	Q	Do you have replacement leds for this unit?
YN	Q	Is this hood 304 grade stainless?
OE	Q	how much does an 18 danby dishwasher hold
OE	Q	how to repair the dispenser lid lever?
-	A	Yes they are adjustable on the bottom rack
YN	Q	is this washer nfs rated for use in a public place?
-	A	Not sure but if the washer works great as it has been doing after 20 years I am tossing it in the junk
OE	Q	What is the maximum plate size?
YN	Q	Will this fit myKUDI02IRBS1 dishwasher?
-	A	no idea I ordered several kinds to figure it out and returned the others
YN	Q	Does this work with a KitchenAid KUDC10FXSS5?
YN	Q	is this motor the same as a kenmore 3976707
OE	Q	need to know how to change the electrical connection  ASAP for dryer motor 279827 going in a Kenmore 3976707
OE	Q	whould this work on a kenmore model 41797812701
YN	Q	will this work on kenmore model number 11068102310
YN	Q	Does motor 279827 work for Kenmore 3395652 motor model 11076722690 dryer with no difference
YN	Q	Is this motor compatible with Whirlpool model GGQ8821LL0?
OE	Q	Well this motor fit my maytag dryer the model on motor is s58nxmmy6739 the dryer model is pye2200ayw if not do you have any motor in stock
-	A	I can u have u the correct motor for 17500 if u are interested let meknow and I will post it
YN	Q	Is this motor the same as a 500 Kenmore 334304?
YN	Q	will this fit on miller light 12 barrels and 14 barrels how about miller high life i drink both but miller light the most
-	A	it fits on 12 barrels of Coors light
YN	Q	With this kit do I need anything else to start pouring beer other than the keg of beer and gas in the tank?
OE	Q	I want to install faucet and drip tray on the side of my refrigeratorHow far does the drip tray stick out?
YN	Q	will faucet fit in the side of fridge?
YN	Q	Can I upgrade drip tray to one that has a drain?
OE	Q	If I order from homebrewstuff will I receive a KEGCO brand kit or a cheaper knockoff version?
YN	Q	Does this work with a 5 Gal ball lock Cornelius keg?
-	A	Absolutely that is what I have and it snaps right on
YN	Q	If I have a pin lock keg will the only thing I have to buy separate be the couplers?
-	A	Yeah thats all youll need to do
OE	Q	Hi I am interested in buying this kit but I need to know the exact weight of the whole kit please
-	A	I would say it is 15lb to 20lbs
YN	Q	Does this work with standard kegs?
YN	Q	does the booster have to be in a certain pos to run
OE	Q	The 9460A has a builtin alarm alarm for what exactly?
YN	Q	Can it be used with a gas dryer?
YN	Q	Does this have a vacuum switch that automatically turns the motor on when the dyer turns on?
OE	Q	My vent goes up 8 feet and then horizontal for 15 ft How will this help locating this at the dryer over what the dryer is already doing?
YN	Q	hI there do these knobs fit Jenn Air JGC8430BDS
-	A	Yes but knobs are cheap made I have replaced over ten knobs in last 4 years
YN	Q	Do these knobs fit a jenn air model jgr8775qds?
YN	Q	is this d shaped is this for a jenn air counter top inserted range?
OE	Q	If my range top takes a D shaped shaft does that mean any D shaped will fit?
OE	Q	same part number for replacement basket for my kenmore elite dishwasher same basket?
OE	Q	what is the exact measurements of the basket
-	A	19inches long 3 12 inches wide and the two side baskets are 5 12 inches tall and the middle basket is 8 12 inches tall
OE	Q	I have Kenmore elite mode 66516263400 is this basket the correct replacement
OE	Q	MY MODEL NUMBER 3385820 WILL THIS WORK?
OE	Q	Will this work with straws or will they fall through the bottomsides?
YN	Q	Is this the correct element for a Frigidaire wall oven RBE E 94?
YN	Q	Does this work on a Frigidaire Compact 30 Electric Stove Model RBE 533P?
YN	Q	Will this fit a Frigidaire wall oven model RE94BD?
YN	Q	Will this element work on a Frigidaire wall oven model RBJ G94?
-	A	Not sure Look up the model number on the manufactures website and cross reference the element in your oven to the one your interested in good luck
YN	Q	Will this element work on an old frigidaire wall oven model RBEG941
OE	Q	is this a vented dryer or ventless?
YN	Q	does the stacking kit come with the dryer?
YN	Q	Does this dryer require 220 volt power?
OE	Q	Are the control knobs metal or plastic and do they get hot from being close to the burners?
-	A	According to the manufacturers website they are professional grade control knobs made of weighted plastic
YN	Q	Can this be used with propane gas?
-	A	Yes there is a conversion valve that comes with the stove
OE	Q	Why is this Electrolux so heavy at 75 and a similar 30 5 burner cooktop from GE weighs 39?
YN	Q	Do you sell extensions to fit nine foot ceilings
-	A	Not sure but I think the sheet metal will extend for a nine foot ceiling
YN	Q	do the hood has regular duct to the side?
OE	Q	Set up to run ducted to the outside if so do kit come with the hardware like ducting and flapper external vent or does it have a separate kit ?
-	A	Doesnt need constant cleaning  wife cleans once a month
YN	Q	Has anyone purchased this oven recently?
OE	Q	How do I purchase a warranty for this product?
OE	Q	how to use the built in cooking timer
OE	Q	How can we repair the E15 error code?
OE	Q	What is the experience controling top heat with the touch panel no knob?
-	A	Works great I had no problems with it
YN	Q	Does it have the ability to just start the dryer for a short time to help remove wrinkles in the morning if starting a load before going to bed?
YN	Q	Can it be portable like the 27 model with its extra weight?
OE	Q	This looks like a great washerdryer combo But is it vented or not?
OE	Q	What is the inside diameter of the dain line?
-	A	Yes you can program it to immediately dry after the wash cycle is done
OE	Q	how long during the washer and dryer?
-	A	From the time I put in load to taking out dry anywhere between 1 12  3 hours depending on cycle
OE	Q	With the door open what is the height from the bottom of the opening in the front of the dryer to the floor?
-	A	155 inches from floor to bottom of opening
YN	Q	Does this dryer have a steam dry capability to remove wrinkles?
YN	Q	Is this correct bulb for GE Spacemaker XL1800 microwave
YN	Q	Is this the correct bulb for a GE Gold Accubake Microwave interior lamp?
YN	Q	Is this bulb for Interior Light for Model JVM132K0003 GE Above Stove Microwave?
-	A	No its for the under microwave above range light
YN	Q	Will this fit a daewoo microwave?
OE	Q	for 975 plus shipping set of 2 or set of 4?
OE	Q	is this item a genuine GE part because I ordered it before and was not the right fit and not GE
YN	Q	is this compatible with replacement part Hotpoint part  WBK 5012 ?
YN	Q	will this fit Hotpoing R B754 0Y3WH serial av289911Q  ?
-	A	try contact the seller by clicking on the link and see if there is a cross reference to your part number
YN	Q	Does this part fit Hotpoint model RB52C3WW?
YN	Q	will this fit the sears Kenmore model  91195292992
OE	Q	dimensions on this one say Width 18 length 15 depth 4 on the first page but click on product details it says 236 x 222 x 3 whats right
-	A	i believe the first one it fit into my oven dont know what the second one is
YN	Q	dOES THIS WORK FOR SELF CLEANING OVEN?
-	A	Yes that is what I bought it for and it worked fine
YN	Q	will this fit a ge range model jbp24gw1ad
OE	Q	bake element for hotpoint range model rb755rb 756 rb 757
-	A	I have GE jbp24bob4wh and it worked perfect
OE	Q	Is this a clip on or a screw together?
-	A	the electrical connection bends up in the back
OE	Q	hello I am looking for a bottom element for a GE model  JBS55WOK4WW CAN YOU LET ME KNOW THE PROPER ONE TO ORDER PLEASE ?
YN	Q	Is this sensor the same for my Kenmore model 66592012
-	A	sorry i think there the same thing mine was a frigidaire and it was the same thing
YN	Q	Is there another brand sensor that replaces this one that costs less?
OE	Q	my oven will not reach the temperature you set it for do i need oven sensor
YN	Q	does it come with the connectors?
-	A	it comes with two ceramic wire nuts there was a molded connector but I have to cut it off for my stove
OE	Q	GE Wall Oven Sensor  Model JKP14 Would this part cause this problem
-	A	Just measure dimensions of broken element  as long as it is approximately same size it will work
YN	Q	My GE Double Wall Oven has the oven temp about 50 degrees to low is there an easy fix?
OE	Q	What is the separation of the holes in the back plate where the two screws go in?
-	A	No this is for the bottom only the top is a different shape and is available on Amazon
YN	Q	will this work in a hot point oven requiring a model rb525 n1 120240v?
YN	Q	does it come with the proper screws?
-	A	It works on mine self cleaning and all
YN	Q	Will this work on Maytag brands?
YN	Q	Does this work for GE Model  GSS25TSRD SS?
YN	Q	is this the replacement for modelgsh25jsdbss
-	A	the one i bought didnt fit eitherit was supposed to
-	A	It worked in mine no problem but was a bit hard to install as it is the top one
OE	Q	I have a GE electric range model jbp66edk3bb will this broiler element fit?
OE	Q	IsThis part work with Amana model ART 6001W ?
YN	Q	does this work with model jpb66w0k1ww?
YN	Q	Does this element work with model JBP66DMBB
YN	Q	Does this work w Model Number J BS55D M2WW lights still come on but front right burner stopped working on us issue facing with cooking stove Thanks
YN	Q	Will this work on a GE model JBP68H0H2WW stove?
YN	Q	Will this work on a Hotpoint model  RB790S H2SA
OE	Q	hello This Burn is for a stove GE JBP80W0H1WW in 8 inch i need one this and anothe 65 inch?
YN	Q	Will this work on my Hotpoint glass topmodel  R B 790D T2BB?
OE	Q	is this wb30t10045 rated at 2000 or 2100 watts
YN	Q	will this fit a J486AIYE GE electric oven?
YN	Q	will this part fit a GE StoveovenJEG3002?
-	A	I am not sure if it will fit or notI ordered this and had to return because it wasnt what I needed after I ordered it
YN	Q	Will it fit a GE model JMS 07001 AD ?
YN	Q	will this thermostst fit a model JKS05GP oven?
YN	Q	will this item work with model number jgbs22beh4wh
OE	Q	this item can replace all ge dishwasher models
YN	Q	Will this work for GE PDW9980L0055?
-	A	No The motor you need for PDW9980L00SS is going to be WD26X10029
YN	Q	Does this item have a warranty?
YN	Q	Will this fit a ge profile dishwasher?
-	A	Please locate the model number inside the door and refer to that so you can get the correct part for the machine you are working on
YN	Q	Will this kit work with GE Mod GSD1200T64 ?
YN	Q	will it work on thermador prg304?
-	A	Dont know for sure but if it looks like this ignitor Id think the worst thing youd have to do would be to reuse the plug off your old ignitor
YN	Q	Will this work on Magic Chef model 31211XAS?
OE	Q	my model  isjgbs19den6bb for a ge gas stove my oven is not lighting which igniter should i buy
YN	Q	is this compatible with a norton 501a igniter?
YN	Q	will this motherboard work for a GE refrigerator model number GSL25JFTC BS
YN	Q	will this work for a GE model GSL25JFTC BS
-	A	Yes based on your model you will need WR55X10942
OE	Q	my ge frig model number is PSS26MSTC is this the control board I need
YN	Q	Can this element be used on the top of the oven?
YN	Q	Will this work for my JBS030N1AD
YN	Q	Will this element work for a GE model jbs23bb1wh ?
YN	Q	IS THIS THE RIGHT ELEMENT FOR JBS02BB1
YN	Q	is this the correct replacement element for ge range jbso3gv6wh
YN	Q	Is this the correct element for GE Range JBP80SK2SS?
-	A	i didnt order from the stove model number but from the ge part number
YN	Q	Can this be used as the upper element?
-	A	On mine it only worked on the bottom
OE	Q	product dimensions are 20 x 18 x 2 inches but the description says 18 long 1512 wide 314 terminal depth which is right?
OE	Q	I have a GE Spectraglass top stove and a few days agothe heating element friedThe broil part worksI was wondering if this will work
OE	Q	I have model JTP20B0F7BB will this work on our oven?
OE	Q	good night could help me i want my fridge leads the fan wr60x10307 like to know if i can replace this model for hope you can help me
YN	Q	Is this a replacement for part udqr002c3rl?
-	A	honestly cant remember all I know is it worked
YN	Q	is the 10154 amp 10185 the same?
YN	Q	Would this fix a squeaking noise when the agitation changes direction?
YN	Q	WILL BELT FIT MODEL GFWH2400LOWW
YN	Q	Will this belt fit GE washer model WDSS4120AWW?
YN	Q	will this belt work for the GE model WJRE5550K2WW I am having a hard time finding an exact match?
-	A	According to your model number you need the WH01X10302 Belt
YN	Q	Will it fit GE Washer WSSH300GOWW?
YN	Q	Is this replaceable with WR57X10032
OE	Q	I need this for an old GE refrig that need a 14in and a 516 water outletI bought it guessing it would
YN	Q	Will this work on GE refrigerator model  TFX28PBBAWW?
YN	Q	Is this a replacementbetter valve than the WR57X10032
YN	Q	Is there a different part number that will mount on the right side of the frig when viewing from the rear?
-	A	This one mounts on the right side but I dont know about any other
YN	Q	can not get water out of the front
-	A	Maybe if you actually asked a question you may receive a helpful reply
YN	Q	Is this the proper part for a self cleaning oven?
-	A	Im not sure if this will work for the top element but for the bottom it was perfect
OE	Q	what element fits on jbp64b0h2ct
-	A	Just have to make sure the specs match yours
YN	Q	will this fit GE oven model JBP30C0B1CC
YN	Q	Will this unit fit my Kenmore 91193508990?
YN	Q	will this WB44K10005 fit model WB44K10001
-	A	yes thats what my original model number was and the 10005 fit perfectly
OE	Q	I have a GE model number JBS03V5WH will this fit my oven
-	A	Id like to know too since thats the model oven I have as well
YN	Q	Will this fit GE stove JSP34BDW2BB
-	A	The best way to see if this will fit is to take measurements of your old one and compare to the measurements of this one
YN	Q	will this fit model  JBS07C1WW?
YN	Q	will this fit a hot point bottom burner model RB526H3WW
-	A	Not really sure but all the ones I have purchase  over 10 of them  I have never had a problem
YN	Q	Is this orignal sealed ge packing
OE	Q	I need a freezer fan replacement for Whirlpool ET18AKXLWRO  Do ypu have this part?
OE	Q	What is the difference between the WR60X10141 and the WR60X10129?
YN	Q	Is this ice maker exactly like the one pictured in the add with the onoff switch on the front and the plastic ice level paddle underneath?
-	A	Yes the one I received was identical to the picture
YN	Q	is there a warranty on this item?
OE	Q	What is the voltage 115 or 220?
YN	Q	Will this kit fit the GE TPX21BRBG BB sidebyside?
-	A	Based on the model number provided reference information shows the replacement ice maker is Manufacturer WR30X10093
YN	Q	Is this replacement for GE WR30X10061 as well?
-	A	That is not the model I used it for but you can go on the GE website to figure out what part you need for your refrigerator
YN	Q	Will this adapter work for a refrigerator that takes the GWF model?
YN	Q	Will this adaptor work when replacing a FXRC cartridge with the MWF cartridge?
-	A	Yes that is what it is designed to do
YN	Q	Will this adaptor work when replacing FXRT filter ?
-	A	Yes this adapter will convert FXRT to MWF filter
-	A	Sorry not familiar with that filterI just bought the least expensive filters and no need for the adapter
YN	Q	will this basket fit to Bosh dishwasher?
OE	Q	What are the dimensions of the basket ?
YN	Q	will it fit ge nautilus dishwasher?
YN	Q	Would it fit the kenmore dishwasher?
YN	Q	will it fit in jenn air dishwasher
YN	Q	Will chopsticks stay in the basket?
YN	Q	will it fit 85 inches long and 55 inches wide
-	A	The basket is 85 by 75 but with the holes it might work for you
YN	Q	will it fit kitchenaide dishwasher?
YN	Q	will this work for GE model DCLR333ET1WW
-	A	No you need part number WE18x54
YN	Q	Will this work with a GE dryer Model  DDE5300VELWH
OE	Q	what is the width of this lint filter?
YN	Q	Is one model better than an other in Kenmore aggitatorless washers?
-	A	I know nothing about the Kenmore but I can tell you we are very unhappy with our LG and would not recommend it
YN	Q	do you have trouble with the clothes being tangled and knotted up?
-	A	Yes I am still happy had mine almost 3 years
-	A	The washer determines water level but if you choose the bulkybedding setting it will use more water
OE	Q	which washing machine has leading reviews?
YN	Q	Does the CW mean only cold water wash?
OE	Q	I dont have a delicate cycle so what cycle do I use for gentle wash?
YN	Q	will this work for a Maytag Model MZD2766GE?
-	A	Yes the RIM501 will work for fridge model  MZD2766GE
YN	Q	Does it come with a new wire bale?
YN	Q	will this work for amana model DRS2660BW MFG PDRS2660BWO Serial 10943532CE?
OE	Q	I have a whirlpool TSI 19 TL will this work for replacement?
YN	Q	will this work with my amana Model srd26vw refridge?
-	A	most all will work i needed to just rewire plug end to frig very simple
YN	Q	is this universal how do i know it is going to fit
YN	Q	Is this a replacement for PS2121513 icemaker for Maytag PTB21BBGR?
-	A	No maytag wide by side mzd2766ge
YN	Q	will lthis fit a majic chef 2002 3 BURNER STOVE
OE	Q	Does this come with the back hinges and scres so it can be attatched to the back of the cooktop?
OE	Q	Will it work on an Atwood or Wedgewood 21 stove top?
YN	Q	will this support the weight of a 20X10 electric griddle?
YN	Q	is this that fingerprint texture on the outside
YN	Q	is this that fingerprint texture on the outside
OE	Q	what is the power consumption rating of Frigidaire FFTR1817L 182 Cubic Foot Top Freezer Refrigerator with StoreMore Organization System
-	A	This refrigerator uses 479 kWhyr and has an estimated yearly operating cost of 5312
-	A	It only moves downward to make the top bigger
OE	Q	Is this 143 or 163 wire size13 or 15 amp
YN	Q	Has anyone used this on a Bosch dishwasher?
YN	Q	Will this workrated for Whirlpool washer as well?
YN	Q	Will this work for a kenmore ultra wash HE dishwasher?
-	A	I believe it was a straight wire
OE	Q	is this a 16 gauge or 14 gauge cord
YN	Q	can this unit be hooked up to copper tubing?
OE	Q	I got this filter but the back of my Frig has this big white water hose going into the bottom of the unit What happened to the small hose ?
-	A	You have to cut the hose to be able to have each side attach to the filter
OE	Q	Does this fit or have adapters for threaded inline fittings 14 FNPT?
YN	Q	does this filter iron amp sediment?
-	A	It will filter sediment but iron may need a water softener and then only they are limited as to how much is filtered
YN	Q	Can I stack a 4Inch by 4Inch by 145Inch on top of another 4Inch by 4Inch by 145Inch?
OE	Q	Does this item have metal on the feet which might discolor or rust?
OE	Q	How do you remove the wide sticky tape that held the adverting on the inside bottom of the bin?
YN	Q	Are these stackable when they contain food items?
-	A	Yes as long as whats in them doesnt tower over the walls of the container
OE	Q	Is the inside bottom smooth or have ridges?
YN	Q	If I were to stack three same size binz one on top of each other would I be able to slide the middle drawer in and out easily
-	A	No I dont believe so but it depends on the depth of your shelves
-	A	They are BPA free according to the Product Description next to the last paragraph
YN	Q	Can your plastic freezer bins withstand a freezer temp of 80C?
-	A	Dont know  I just use mine in the refrigerator  sorry I cant be of help
-	A	There are several vertical ridges on the underside of the bin I dont really think this would work for your intended use
-	A	The cord that I ordered and received has the normal threepronged male plug with the two prongs parallel to each other
OE	Q	what is the amperage rating on this ?
-	A	143 awg at 9 feet will handle 15a easily
OE	Q	what gauge is this Stanley 31536 extension cord?
YN	Q	Can this fit a 5lb CO2 tank instead of the 25lb?
-	A	This comes with the Sankey beer coupler that works with Budweiser and most US made kegs
OE	Q	whats the W size of the water pipe
OE	Q	Keggermeister KM2800BK Kegerator Tower mounting flange or hub is broke on the one I have and Im looking for a part supplier to replace part
-	A	Top half screws off to replace with a brand version
YN	Q	Can you add a dual tap conversion kit?
-	A	Im sure you could but I dont see how you could fit two kegs in it
YN	Q	Will this gasket work for Amana model bx22s5w?
YN	Q	Will this gasket work on an Amana arb2217c ?
YN	Q	will this replace amana model bz22rl freezer gasket
-	A	Yes Manufacturer Number 12550116Q
YN	Q	will this freezer gasket replace mdl bz22rl amana
YN	Q	Will this work for a Kenmore smart reach?
-	A	put your fridge model  in at sears parts com and it will tell you what is the part  then go back to amazon and put it in their search
-	A	I am not 100 positive but it did fit my kenmore bottom freezer door
YN	Q	is onefaucet connector included?
OE	Q	How much pounds of clothes does this machine hold?
OE	Q	What is the Cutout Width and Cutout Depth of this cooktop?
YN	Q	Do you have to have a down draft with this cooktop?
-	A	Sorry No down draft with this cooktop
OE	Q	Up to what size diam pot can i use on the medium sized burner?
YN	Q	Does it have builtin downdraft ventilation?
YN	Q	do I need ventilation with an induction cooktop?
OE	Q	How much electricity does this use compared to a regular electric cooktop?
YN	Q	do you supply the liner that goes with it?
-	A	It doesnt come with the power cord
-	A	No it does not have a remote control trol
YN	Q	can this be used with ducted system?
OE	Q	do you have to use halogen lights or can you substitute LED?
-	A	you can get GU10 leds with the same pin contacts
OE	Q	I love mine but one of the lights keeps burning out why?
OE	Q	Can you turn the fan off yourself or does it turn off by itself?
-	A	The fan as well as the light is strictly manual in other words you have to turn it off and on yourself
-	A	Yes there is a replaceable charcoal filter
YN	Q	can this hood be vented out the wall?
OE	Q	Do you have to order the conversion kit separately or does it come with it?
-	A	Everything I needed came with my order
YN	Q	Can this hood be ducted horizontally through a wall?
-	A	Does not appear to be possible just based on the design and installation method
OE	Q	Is this a plug in or does it require hard wiring?
-	A	hard wiring  which should already be inplace if there is any kind of hood there
OE	Q	whats the diameter of the hood?
YN	Q	80 sure Ill vent it outdoors BUT if I choose ductless has anyone noticed if exhaust from top of unit discolors white cabinetry?
OE	Q	Is this one of the upper bins that are larger and can hold a gallon of milk?
-	A	I recently purchased this and yes its the one that holds the gallon size container of milk
YN	Q	Will this fit my drawer says da6305391
YN	Q	will this fit model number rfg298hdrs?
-	A	Not sure my bin is in a rfg297 series
YN	Q	Is this compatible with samsung rfg237aarsxaa door bin replacement?
YN	Q	Will this bin fit Samsung Model R4287HARSXAA?
-	A	No its not but Im glad its not love this oven
OE	Q	is that a warming drawer on the bottom or is it just cosmetic?
OE	Q	Is this a gas or electric OVEN?
-	A	Unfortunately we cannot ship to the Carribean we only ship in the continental US
-	A	Does this stove include a propane conversion kit
YN	Q	Does this range have a downdraft?
OE	Q	what is the GPMgallons per minute of this filter?
-	A	This filter should work in any canister that accepts 45 X 10 filters
YN	Q	Does it fit inside 10filter housing
OE	Q	I got this cooktop recently but there is about 12 inch gap between the cooktop surface and the control knobsis this normal?need to force it down?
YN	Q	does this cooktop have pilot lights?
OE	Q	How about a griddle for this unit
-	A	Frigidaire 316499900 Range Griddle
OE	Q	Does this product run on natural gas or propane?
OE	Q	Does this have continuous grates or four individual ones?
-	A	Cutout Width 26 58  26 78 Cutout Depth 19  19 38 Cutout Height 5
YN	Q	does this come with an LP conversion kit?
-	A	You can still light it without the power on
YN	Q	Does this cooktop require a power source?
YN	Q	Does this come with an LP conversion kit?
YN	Q	When this is plugged in the bottom outlet can you still use the upper outlet?
-	A	The cord rotates around the plug end thats in the wall
OE	Q	Is this plug white or the beige as in the customer images above?
-	A	The one I received is light gray
OE	Q	My ice maker does not have the arm on it to stop making ice will this one work
OE	Q	What is the warrantee that comes with this?
-	A	I am not quite sure it fit my Kenmoore just perfectly and says online that it fits some Whirlpools so you might want to just Google it
-	A	I dont think so I have had mine for 4 months now works better then original
YN	Q	Will this fit amp work with a Whirpool model  10655242400?
YN	Q	Will this work with a Kenmore model 10659966803?
YN	Q	does it have 11ft ceiling capability
OE	Q	Can anyone please tell me how to program the clock on the range hood?
YN	Q	does this stove have an electronic ignition?
-	A	This model does have an electronic ignition
-	A	That just means there are no batteries required everything is included
-	A	The approximate weight is 150lbs
OE	Q	dryer heats up but is not drying my clothes
OE	Q	while washing does the machine make load noises
-	A	Use the bulky setting and then pause the load after the water has been added
YN	Q	is there any way to increase the water it uses so it actually cleans my clothes?
-	A	We wash all loads on Bulky items so there is a decent amount of water in the washer
OE	Q	Is this washer a fully automatic machine or do you have to manually set it to rinse and spin?
-	A	Never happened to me I will switch detergents
OE	Q	what makes the waher not go from wash cycle to rinse cycl
YN	Q	can i still use dryer until its fixed
OE	Q	rust spots on clothes after in samsung dryer
OE	Q	NEED PART FOR DC330AEWXAA DRYER  PART  DC06700180B
OE	Q	What is the cutout width and depth?
OE	Q	Will this work on a 30 amp breaker or does it need 40 amps?
OE	Q	This Product Really weighs 1 pounds?
YN	Q	Do these burners glow red when turned on?
OE	Q	This product could work with 220v?
YN	Q	Do eitherboth ovens have timebake feature?
-	A	Yes separate timers one for each oven
OE	Q	What is the cut out height dimension?
-	A	Yes you have the dimensions correct
-	A	We are remodeling our kitchen  havent unpacked the oven yet
-	A	This model does not have convection
YN	Q	Will it hold a pint of milk in the standard carton?
YN	Q	would this work with glass  say a bottle of Heinkein
OE	Q	there are two on positions on the switch the manual doesnt specify  whats the difference between them?
-	A	The one line position is for cold and the two line position is for hot
OE	Q	How much electricity does the cooler use?
OE	Q	Do I have to have a computer to run it or can I buy a USBwall adapter to plug it into the wall?
-	A	I dont know because it never fuctioned
YN	Q	Will these fit the Holmes HAP706 machine?
OE	Q	I bought these air filters and it did not say on the box they were for the HAP 240 air filter so I returned has anyone else had that problem
YN	Q	Is this considered an A type filter?
-	A	the clips come off and you have to put them on the new filter for it to fit if you have clips on just one side
YN	Q	Does this filter fit a HAP9412WF Model
-	A	For further assistance please call us at 800 5465637 Monday through Saturday from 8 AM to 8 PM EST
YN	Q	Does it fit the Holmesreg HAP1200?
YN	Q	Is this a low energy appliance?
-	A	Outside dimensions are 25 wide by 33 high by 23 deep
OE	Q	Does anybody know the inside dimensions?
-	A	Lengthfront 19 Widthside 15 Heightdepth 24
-	A	Rotate the knob all the way to the right and the freezer hits 20F easily and stays there if thats what you want
YN	Q	Can I fit a 16 pizza box sitting flat inside of this freezer?
-	A	There is no mention of NSF either on the unit or product booklet that I can find
YN	Q	Can you hook up a water supply to it so that you do not need to continuously refill?
YN	Q	DOes this machine make clear ice or regular ice?
-	A	This unit makes cloudy bullet shape ice
OE	Q	How fast will it fill an empty basket with ice?
-	A	Ice starts being made in a few minutes but it will probably take an hour for the basket to fill
YN	Q	Does this ice maker make the nugget ice like they use at Sonic?
-	A	It makes ice shaped like bullets small medium and large thickness for about 7 months then it died
-	A	There is only one  make 4 a day as I recall
YN	Q	Is this a counter depth refrigerator?
-	A	The actual width is almost 36 inches
OE	Q	How do we fix a Samsung fridge control panel that keeps flipping to off?
-	A	all i can say is that in my opinion samsung after purchase service is non existent if it is over 5 years old buy another brand
-	A	You can purchase more filters on amazon or at Home Depot and there is a YouTube video that shows how to replace it its pretty easy
OE	Q	On the Samsung French Door refrigerators does anyone else have an issue with the freezer door making a loud crack or pop noise when being opened?
YN	Q	Is the front of the refrigerator magnet friendly?
OE	Q	Which Samsung washer has a melody at the end of the cycle?
OE	Q	where does the fabric softener go
OE	Q	how are whirlpool washing machine reviews?
-	A	the main unit is 35 w x 425 h the remote is 25 w x 3 h
YN	Q	Can both units be hung from the wall?
OE	Q	How can I get instructions on how to set it up
-	A	Google knows httpwwwweatherconnectioncommanuals91756pdf
YN	Q	Can this be set to alarm when the temp drops to a certain temperature a freeze alert?
YN	Q	Do you have to turn the water off to change the filter?
OE	Q	When they say turn the water off first is that behind the fridge or MAIN water line?
YN	Q	Will this fit the samsung RFG297HD?
YN	Q	Can I getl the same picture Samsung DA2900020B that you posted?
-	A	Picture was from the website for the product I didnt take it
YN	Q	Does this water filter fitwork with Model RF25HMEDBSR Samsung refrigerator?
OE	Q	does it include the piece that open when the fan is on and close when fan is off so the air from outside will not follow back into the house?
-	A	If you squeeze on both sides the screen just pops out
YN	Q	Does this unit come with the 4 round aluminum pipe and plastic collar?
-	A	Just the plastic collar  no aluminum pipe
-	A	The 4  measures the circle in the back for piping to connect to
YN	Q	does this unit include the grille?
YN	Q	does this unit include the grille?
OE	Q	what is the measurement with the door open 90 degrees?
OE	Q	How do I change the temperature from Celsius to Fahrenheit
OE	Q	What are the customer reviews for Frigidaire 30 5 burner gas stove?
YN	Q	Does this oven range come with LP conversion kit?
OE	Q	Is this range LP or Natural Gas?
YN	Q	do I need to buy the 4 yr warranty since speed queen has a good warranty on their machines?
-	A	The factory warranty is for 3 years so you would gain little by buying that
YN	Q	does this have a stainless steel tub?
OE	Q	differences in models how well agitators work spin speeds etc
YN	Q	can i make water level go higher permanatley on new speed queen top load washer since water restrictions on new washer
-	A	3 ft high and the drum is 21 inches deep
OE	Q	Whats the Rpm on the spin cycle?
YN	Q	Can I use HE laundry soap in my new Speed Queen top load washer without causing any harm?
OE	Q	Where can I get my co2 tank refilled for my kegerator
YN	Q	does it come with a cleaning kit
OE	Q	how long can beer last in this kegerator?
-	A	About 4 months depending on the conditions your kegerator is in ie inside  outside  temps If its in indoor use one around 4 months
OE	Q	Is this unit frost free or auto defrost?
-	A	As far as I know it is auto defrost when i check on the temp daily have a thermometer installed I do not see any buildup in the back
OE	Q	How quiet is this compared to a regular refrigerator?
OE	Q	what are the dimensions of this item
YN	Q	Does this model have stainless steel side panels?
YN	Q	Does the freezer drawer automatically come out when you open it?
OE	Q	Is it actually in stock and can be shipped in 2 3 days?
OE	Q	What does your warranty cover and for what period of time?
-	A	This item is shipped by freight delivery
YN	Q	Does this include installation of the refrigerator?
-	A	Mostly in our case delivery was included but we had to pay extra 50 for taking it up the stairs and setting it up
YN	Q	does this fit v3700 with Starry Night Light model?
-	A	The filter is 5 high with an OD outside diameter of 6 and an ID inside diameter of 4
OE	Q	Do these filters have a metal piece in them or are they just the white filter?
-	A	yes they have a metal piece in them
OE	Q	Do you know if this ProTec WF2 or any other Protec or after market filter would work with the AirOSwiss e2441 which uses AOS 7018 filter?
OE	Q	my model is v3600 will these fit and work?
YN	Q	Does this filter fit model V3800 ?
YN	Q	Does this fit the Vicks V3700 Starry Night Cool Mist Humidifier?
YN	Q	Can this unit be hung flush on a wall surface?
YN	Q	Will this be accurate if I live at 5000 ft elevation?
-	A	Sorry I have no way of knowing how the station performs other than in our location
-	A	It was not designed to be hung on the wall but you could probably do it if you add your own brackets
-	A	I dont know thats why I said it us junk nothing works
OE	Q	come with any warrenty for parts amp labor?
OE	Q	what replacement water filter replacement
-	A	Samsung Water filter part  DA290002B
OE	Q	How do you use this portable washing machine?
OE	Q	is this really easier andor more effective than just agitating the laundry with your hands or stomping with your feet?
YN	Q	Does anyone have a copy of the instruction sheet?
OE	Q	How is this better than just using a regular plunger?
OE	Q	door locked why wont it open or run?
-	A	is it still runningif the lights are on it isunplug it
-	A	Yes  I can put a load of clothes and a set of sheets comfortably in one wash
OE	Q	Washer will not spin or drainNp code
OE	Q	what is the replacement part  for door boot seal?
YN	Q	Does this model have the soft close crisper drawers?
-	A	Eho this model has the Luxury Glide design for the crisper drawers
YN	Q	Can the ice maker be removed to make more room in the freezer?
OE	Q	What is the front of the door made ofaluminum stainless steel other?
YN	Q	does this fridge have one of those shelves that could slide in to make space for taller items like the ge space saver shelf?
YN	Q	Does anyone have problems with the ice being knocked out of the ice box when opening the freezer?
OE	Q	What year of manufacture is this refrigerator?
YN	Q	Does this fridge have an onoff switch for the ice maker?
-	A	Product Dimensions 148 deep x 203 wide x 12 inches high
-	A	Our prices do change from day to day especially with Frigidaire
YN	Q	Does the light stay on when you open the door?
OE	Q	Model LE6150xsw1 is this the correct part?
YN	Q	will this part work for Model LE7810XPN0?
YN	Q	WILL THIS PART WORK FOR 11060912990
OE	Q	I have a whirlpool dryer model LAE5900wo will your three items fuse thermostat and element work with this model?
-	A	This part is listed as the replacement for you dryer
YN	Q	Excuse me do you made ships to mexico?
-	A	Unfortunately we only ship within the United States
YN	Q	Does it fit on kenmore washer series 90?
YN	Q	Does this come with the two clips to attach it?
-	A	Not sure but it was a perfect fit for my washer
-	A	The best thing to do is to remove the one from the washer and compare it with The one that you want to buy thats what I did
OE	Q	Is the part number the one in the picture or the one in the listing title  Water Pump 3363394 3348015
-	A	The one listed on the list and when you get it in the mail youll see theres a decal with that part on the other side of that pump
OE	Q	Hi can you tell me about shipping charges if I want to order 5 pieces?
YN	Q	Will this work on a refrigerator water line?
-	A	Yes it works on 14 tubing like you find on a refrigerator line that is what I am using it for
YN	Q	Description says 14 OD does this mean it will receive a 14 OD tubing?
-	A	Yes thats exactly what it means
-	A	I have only experience with water applicationit is a strong little valvemy water pressure exceeds 60 psi and have had no issues in 8 months
-	A	Yes its designed for that tubing and I use a couple of these on my RO system
YN	Q	Can this product be used on 14 copper refrigerator lines?
OE	Q	what is the diameter of the element and the total kit
-	A	The element is 7 12 inches wide and with the pan it is 9 12 inches wide
OE	Q	How do I know which one will fit my stove and work properly?
YN	Q	Will this burner fit a GE oven Model JB650DFCC?
YN	Q	will it work with kenmore 91193471891
OE	Q	what diameter of canner can be used
-	A	I have two of these elements and have used all sizes of canners from small to 22 quart
-	A	Cutout Width  25 58 Cutout Depth  23 12 Cutout Height  43 5
OE	Q	what are the dimensions of the oven?
-	A	Chek the black oring it must be not as it should be do you have the faucet tool?
YN	Q	is the heat generated to the pan placed on the ceramic surface Only and Not to any other stainless steel things around but not in touch with it?
OE	Q	If I set this up as free standing is it safe for a renter to use would it be safer to build it in
OE	Q	How many ampsand does this sit on top of counter if so what is cut out?Thanks
-	A	The SR963T cooktop must have at least 7 of space underneath it
OE	Q	I havent gotten this yet but can someone tell me how to do just a rinse and hold
YN	Q	Can you run this unit without a water filter
OE	Q	What adjustment is needed to make the ice dispenser not snap open and shut immediately dispensing no ice?
OE	Q	control panel for ice reads 1c with E in upper right handcorner
YN	Q	will not dispense water thru door?
OE	Q	fan ices up stops working in ice maker model fghb2866pf2
OE	Q	Why does fridge dispensed water smell and taste bad?
OE	Q	if there is water leaking from dispenser what do you do?
YN	Q	Can this unit be placed in an outdoor kitchen that isnt fully enclosed?
OE	Q	How easy is it to clean the mold?
OE	Q	where can i get a timer switch for whirlpool washer
-	A	With model number through Sears Parts or Cashwell Appliance Parts web site
YN	Q	Will this fit Roper model RTW4440XQ0?
YN	Q	Will this fit Roper model RTW4440
YN	Q	Will this fit Roper model RTW4440
OE	Q	compatible with Kenmore model 11026914690?
OE	Q	How long does shipping usually take?
YN	Q	Will this replace a 3352293 pump?
-	A	As long as it says it is an exact replacement for your washer model  then it fits
YN	Q	Does this range hood come with ceiling mouint hardware and an elbow for the first turn?
-	A	Sorry I dont know I didnt install by myself
YN	Q	Do you have a chimney extension for a 10 high ceiling?
OE	Q	I understand it only displays military time but have had no success even setting that correctly Any advice?
-	A	Just subtract 12this is super nice for the price
OE	Q	what are the cfm and does it covert to ductless if so part number and price for ductless
-	A	 For ductless option you only need additional carbon filters available at httpwwwamazoncomgpproductB004S96K6C for 299
YN	Q	Will this our LG model LX31925ST?
-	A	Yes it will replace the kenmore 469690 filter I took a gamble and it fits perfect
YN	Q	Does the filter  LG LT 700 P replace the original filter  ADQ36006101?
-	A	Yes it does it is printed right on the original box
-	A	The recommend filter for your fridge model number is the LG LT700P filter
YN	Q	Can this ice fiter fix on LFX31945st
OE	Q	i have model  LFX28968XT DOES THIS FILTER FIT THIS MODEL
YN	Q	Is it the same as part  adq36006102
-	A	I thought the dimensions were on the description but it is 51 14 tall and 21 deep at the base 13 12 deep at the top and 28 14 wide
YN	Q	Does this stand fit the Sonya SYD60E dryer?
YN	Q	Does this fit over a regular size washer?
YN	Q	Do you need tools to put this thing together?
-	A	Just a wrench to tighten the bolts
YN	Q	Will the Panda portable washer and dryer fit on this stand?
YN	Q	will this work with kenmore model 10654563300 part  626662?
YN	Q	will this work on a roper IMs 106 626636 ice maker has stopped working?
-	A	I dont know we put it on a older Kitchen Aid and it has been working great
YN	Q	can this replace amana 106 626639?
-	A	Yes this will work on your model
YN	Q	Will this work with a Viking VCBB5362LSS?
-	A	Unfortunately Im not finding your part number listed as one the will work with this icemaker
OE	Q	Confirm for me if this unit will fit Whirlpool model  ET22DKK BW00?
YN	Q	can the IceMagicPlus module be fitted onto this icemaker?
OE	Q	if it appears F06 and E02 how do you know why it means?
OE	Q	My paddles on the inside two of the three are missing would that make it leak whirlpool duet front loader
OE	Q	Whirlpool duet paddles are missing on the inside would that make it leak
OE	Q	What problems are you having with you Whirlpool Duet GHW9250MT1 washing machine?
OE	Q	how to remove front of washer to get to pump
OE	Q	whirlpool Model  WFW8640BW reliability
OE	Q	What are the measurements including the handle?
-	A	Dont buy it having issues with the unit freezing up
OE	Q	how do you get the temperature below 37
YN	Q	will this part work on my maytag wall oven?
-	A	As long as the original one is identical to this one ie same label plate specs it will work
OE	Q	what could replace a modern maid wall oven gas safety valve nc41115
OE	Q	My frid wall oven has valve 3203702 will this valve work for my oven
YN	Q	Is this valve for use on an LP stove
-	A	The valve is for use on either LP or NG but you may need to take the orifice or nipple off your old valve if the holes are different sizes
YN	Q	will this part work on my Hotpoint oven?
YN	Q	can this part work on a kenmore oven?
-	A	depends on model  of the range if I had model I could let you know
OE	Q	Hello does this part have a UL listing?
YN	Q	Will this fit MaytagMagic Chef model  9112XUB
OE	Q	Is this a genuine GE product or by an aftermarket manufacturer FOR a GE appliance?
YN	Q	Is this the correct part for the burnedout broiler element on my GE range model JBP80C0F1CC?
OE	Q	I WANT A BROIL UNIT FOR A HOTPOINT MODEL RB787WH1WW
OE	Q	what broil element for GEmodel JBP24BY1WH electric range
YN	Q	Will this broil element replacement work in a GE model J BP22B K1WH electric range?
-	A	No you want WB44K10002 to replace the broil element for that model range
-	A	This product has a standard 3prong grounded cord with a length of approximately 3 feet or 0914 meters
OE	Q	Can the coil be removed or lifted up to clean the drip tray?
-	A	I dont know if you can but the hot plate can handle the weight
YN	Q	Does it cook eggs boil water cook other easy foods
YN	Q	Will it fit FGHG2366PF which calls for ULTRAWF?
OE	Q	I bought this filter on july18 and already it shows to be replaced i dont understand that since according Frigidaire replace filter every 6 months
-	A	It depends on how much you use the water from your fridge the filter is good for X amount of gallons
YN	Q	The Frigidaire website is sell Ultra is it the same as PureSource 3?
YN	Q	Can a Pure Source Ultra filter be used in a fridge that came with a Pure Source 3 filter?
OE	Q	Is this price per filter or 3248 for 3 filters?
YN	Q	Does the filter include a cartridge?
OE	Q	How often does the filter need to be changed on an AP903 when it is used only 4 months a year
OE	Q	how is the apif 300 iron remover filter system?